Product	Date_Posted	Star_Rating	Title	Review_Text
Rules of Ascension: Book One of Winds of the Forelands	13-JUL-14	3	Okay	I really tried to like this series and mostly I did like it. The real problem is that it is kind of shallow. the characters. very one dimensional and not enough depth to them to really make you care enough or really grab you. To be fair I own the 1st 3-Books and finally put it down to rest then. Its a good lite read for someone not really looking for any complexity to story or characters and I do recommend it as a lite read.
Rules of Ascension: Book One of Winds of the Forelands	20-JUL-14	4	A review of the whole five-book series	NO SPOILERS BEYOND DUST-JACKET INFORMATION. The Winds of the Forelands is a five-book fantasy series by author David Coe. The books are, in order: 1.The Rules of Ascension, 2. The Seeds of Betrayal, 3. The Bonds of Vengeance, 4. The Shapers of Darkness, and 5. The Weavers of War.. Coe takes readers to the world of the Forelands, a medieval, feudal society where humans (called Eandi) uneasily coexist with a minority population of another intriguing race, called the Qirsi. The Qirsi lack the physical strength and vigor of the Eandi but possess one or several of the following magical abilities: gleaning the future, creating and controlling fire, summoning mists/winds, shattering hard substances with a thought, understanding the language of beasts, healing, and reading/controlling the minds of other Qirsi. Once in a generation or so, a Qirsi is born who possesses all seven of these magical powers, and can also combine the powers of other Qirsi into a single, potent weapon. This individual is called a Weaver.. The plot of the five novels centers around two Qirsi weavers who find themselves in opposition. The Qirsi are relegated to second-class status in the Forelands: they often serve as high-ranking ministers to the Eandi nobles, but do so as servants. A weaver-minister hatches a conspiracy whereby the Qirsi will destabilize the Eandi courts through murder and intrigue. Ultimately he plans to reveal himself and lead a Qirsi army to wrest the Forelands from the weakened Eandi and set himself up as king. It's pretty clear early on that this Weaver has fascist tendencies and that his idea of Qirsi rule will be terrible despotism for the whole realm. The only person in the Forelands who has the power to defeat this budding tyrant is Grinsa, another secret weaver. Despite his great powers, Grinsa is a lover, not a fighter, who seeks to prevent war at all costs, even if it means siding with the human/Eandi status-quo over members of his own race.. The first four novels chronicle the slow development of the conspiracy and the growing distrust between the Eandi and Qirsi, leading to the inevitable showdown between Good Weaver and Bad Weaver in the fifth book.. Coe writes action sequences well, although some readers might find that the action in these books is too widely dispersed between many chapters of discussion. Clearly the author loves to write dialog, and much of the bulk of Winds of the Forelands is taken up by conversations between the characters on strategy and politics. At times I found myself thinking, "Haven't we had this discussion before?" Luckily for the reader, the characters are, quite simply, intelligent; so is their conversation. When Coe occasionally does turn to narrative, descriptive passages, his writing is clear and evocative.. I would have thought that these novels are a little too preoccupied with the details of court politics and the psychological complexities of conspiracy paranoia to appeal to young readers. However, my fourteen-year-old nephew absolutely adored the series and is well in to the follow-up trilogy Blood of the Southlands.
The Veil of A Thousand Tears (The Pearl)	10-AUG-14	1	The pearl	strange story where the author found the words and names of the people places  and animals out of a nightmare or something.
Legacies (Corean Chronicles)	26-JUL-14	5	new saga, new world	Corus is a world barely recovered from a great cataclysm that destroyed its powerful civilization and most of its population. Competing societies are locked in conflict. Our hero is a young man from a herder family who is conscripted into the militia and ends up changing the world. Modesitt's usual blend of strange powers, solid military tactics and compelling characters create a world you will want to read more about.
The Center Cannot Hold (American Empire, Book Two) (Southern Victory: American Empire)	30-JUL-14	5	The center cannot hold	Great book, great series.  Have read all of them several times.  Highly recommended to anyone who loves an involved story line
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	13-JUL-14	5	As like all the Outlander Series	As like all the Outlander Series, Galbaldon keep me hungry to read more about the exciting adventures of Claire and Jamie. The concept of trying to time travel is exciting to say the least, but adding in historical events is brilliant.  Love this series!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	13-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Best series ever! Read the whole series, it will stick with you forever!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	14-JUL-14	5	Fantastic	Fantastic book.  Loved all of it.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	15-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	keep up the outlander series
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	16-JUL-14	5	Outstanding	My favorite author, ever. This is not a stand alone book. Start with Outlander and enjoy! I am re-reading the entire series so that I can remember all the details before reading book eight in the series: Written In My Own Heart's Blood.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	17-JUL-14	5	I am right there in the middle of this wonderful story! I can't put it down	I am right there in the middle of this wonderful story !  I can't put it down.  Love the way this author writes !!!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	18-JUL-14	5	Loved it! Knew that I would	Loved it!  Knew that I would!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	18-JUL-14	5	I thought this book was great, even though I heard it was not as ...	Once again the series does not fail.  I thought this book was great, even though I heard it was not as exciting as the others.  You have to read it regardless because if not you won't know what's going on when you read the next.  I thought it was perfect and it was long but filled with information and of course Claire and Jamie!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Excellent book, enjoyed very much and was looking forward to reading the next in the series.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	19-JUL-14	5	I love the whole Outlander Series	I love the whole Outlander Series.  This is the longest one I believe, and some people are put off by that.  I was thrilled that it was lengthy because I loved every single word of it.  Ms. Gabaldon is a fantastic writer, very descriptive, and I almost felt like i was living it.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	19-JUL-14	5	continues to hold you on edge for each page to come	I will be sad when I have finished the series!! The characters are riveting! Thank you for a wonderful storyline :)
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	love this series, can't wait to see how the TV Series aligns
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love love love all of the books!!!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	19-JUL-14	4	One more great read in the series	not as fast paced as other books in this series but interesting none the less. I am so hooked on these books but I read only one a quarter as they are so long. I cannot wait for the Outlander series to begin on Starz and see how far they go. I was sorry for Roger in this but he and Jamie have come to a great understanding. Hector Cameron's tomb was a surprise. There is enough left to the curiosity to want to read the next and the next and on. Diana Gabaldon writes with such detail but not to the point that it is annoying.. The books are no longer the romance and lives of Claire and Jamie but so many others.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	20-JUL-14	5	Jamie and Claire are awesome	I love this series and it just keeps getting better and better. Love Jamie and Claire
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	20-JUL-14	5	Captivating action around every turn	5 staff are easy here! The imagery she creates, the vocabulary she uses, the way she brings history to life, the fact that there is constant action with each step being less predictable than the last and mostly the way you get to know the enthralling characters better than many of the people in your own life all make this book an exciting page turner. I can't wait to get to the next book in the series!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	20-JUL-14	5	Outstanding	Keeps you wanting to know what happens next. The deep devotion Jamie shows for Claire & Claire for Jamie details what true love is, through the good & bad times.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	21-JUL-14	3	My least favorite of the books so far	My least favorite of the books so far. Too much unnecessary information in middle of book. Ending was much better.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	22-JUL-14	5	Loved it again 3rd time through!	Purchased this for my kindle to read the book for the 3rd time.  I rarely purchase books and rarely read them a 2nd time, much less 3.  This series is my favorite of all time and good enough that I now am purchasing all of the books for my kindle in addition to the hardcovers I own.  There's so much detail in them, that each succeeding reading is enjoyable to absorb more of that detail.  The first time through, I flipped pages very quickly to find out what's next.  Excellent, excellent series for those who love huge books with great characters, history, a little fantasy and some romance.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	24-JUL-14	5	Another great book!	Diana does it again, another great book in the Outlander series. I cherish the time I get to spend with Jamie and Claire.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	24-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I love the entire series so far. can't put it down!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	25-JUL-14	5	Wonderful Series	This series is one that you can read and reread because the characters jump off the page thanks to Gabaldon's vivid imagery and her ability to convey true emotion through the written word.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	27-JUL-14	5	Excellent!	Can't wait for the next book! I love the way fiction, history, mysticism, and herbal lore are all woven together.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	27-JUL-14	5	All the characters we have come to love in earlier volumes struggle to persevere against the forces ...	Gabaldon continues to deliver.  All the characters we have come to love in earlier volumes struggle to persevere against the forces of nature, conspiracies of the powerful, and early skirmishes preceding the Revolutionary War.  Their children  grow into strong characters, and the love between Jamie and Claire overflows into own hearts.  Love and appreciation for my own wife and grown children rings louder in my soul as it resonates with the love expressed by Jamie and Claire, Brianna and Roger.  I wish thee stories might never end.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	27-JUL-14	5	Superb	Easily as spellbinding as the first four. Her story telling skills make you think you are reading about real people.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	28-JUL-14	5	I Love The Outlander Series	They just get better with each one. The saga continues! LOVE<LOVE LOVE & LOVE!!!!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	29-JUL-14	3	Liked seeing my characters again	Liked seeing my characters again.  But only a few exciting encounters and events in this issue for me.  But still loved all of her. works so did read through. Missed this one when reading the rest, and that may have been what through if off for me.  So I don't want her readers to be disappointed. But a good read.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	While the first one was the best, this was a very good read.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	31-JUL-14	5	Love these books!	I love these books (despite the overuse of the word "tang"). This one had several sections that made me feel I wasn't smart enough to read it and some that were so upsetting that I had to stop reading for a bit. But now hi have to buy the next one right away!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	31-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Excellent continuation of her wonderful series! I recommend the entire series to those who like historical fiction/adventure and romance.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	01-AUG-14	5	Favorite of the Series	For the first time sequentially in the books I felt like I was able to breathe as I read.  I could enjoy the characters.  I also appreciated, that unlike drums of autumn and previous books, the characters actually communicated with eachother--in otherwords, the whole ordeals of drama weren't based on being bad communicators, but on legitimate outside threats and the hardships of living in the late 1700s.  Although I am not done with snow and ashes yet, so far, I like fiery cross at least as well.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	01-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I love this series
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	01-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I am in love with this series! Cant wait for Outlander to come out on Starz!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	01-AUG-14	5	The Fiery Cross is a Wonderful history of Jamie & Claire	The Fiery Cross is a Wonderful history of Jamie & Claire.  Diana Gabaldon books put you right into that place and time.  Wonderful Book!  Especially love it in my Kindle.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	02-AUG-14	3	I had to keep reading but...	I think there wasn't enough plot to keep the characters as interesting as in previous books. I would cry if Jamie or Claire were to die. If it happened to Brianna, Roger or even Jemmy, I'm not sure I'd care.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	02-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Great book. Great book! Love !
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	03-AUG-14	5	another great book	This was another great book in Jamie and Claire's life I love this series. Can't wait to read more now.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	03-AUG-14	4	awesome	Continues to be so detailed. Diane paints pictures with words and effortlessly transports the reader to another world. Bravo! And so forth
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	03-AUG-14	5	Read many times	These are great books. I have actually read and reread them from pure enjoyment many times. I would definitely recommend them.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	04-AUG-14	5	This is one of my favorite books in the Outlander series	This is one of my favorite books in the Outlander series.  It is good to see Bree's character finally mature--motherhood will do that! Favorite scene: Bree, Marsali, & Claire kill a buffalo in the courtyard.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	04-AUG-14	5	Great book!	Great series.  I am re-reading to refresh my mind for the newest book.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	04-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Good but a bit drawn out at times.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	05-AUG-14	4	Can't stop reading about them! It's bordering obsessive!!!!	A verra good book. Not my favorite, but still a good read. 
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	05-AUG-14	5	Diana Gabaldon has become my favorite writer. The scenes and episodes in her books ...	Diana Gabaldon has become my favorite writer.  The scenes and episodes in her books are written with such clarity that I feel as if I am 'in' the experience.  The characters are portrayed as complex human beings with full-blown personalities: quirks, foibles, strengths, weaknesses, talents.  I love this book.  I recommend reading the series, beginning with The Outlander, but each of her books in the series can stand alone just as well.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	05-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Marvelous!! All of her books are a tremendous read!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	05-AUG-14	5	Another great Outlander	I loved this 5th book in the series.  Yes, as other reviews have said it tells a lot about life in the time period.  It also tells a lot about Roger and Brianna.  There is quite a bit of action and definitely moves the characters along so that you are looking forward to the next story.  It is quite long, but those who found it boring just didn't understand the joy of reading.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	06-AUG-14	5	... second time to read The Fiery Cross and I loved it even more	This is the second time to read The Fiery Cross and I loved it even more!  I'm re-reading the first 7 novels of the Outlander series which I first began reading in 1997 and I think I appreciate the books even more than I did the first time.  It may be because my 3 children are all out of the house and I'm less distracted!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	06-AUG-14	5	The Fiery Cross	I am one third through this book and I a really enjoying it. as I do all of Diana Gabaldon's books. She is definitely a gifted writer.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	07-AUG-14	5	I'm looking forward to watching the TV series but I'm hoping it will be a lot like the books	I'm just starting the 6th book but I was hooked from the very start I can hardly wait to finish the series. I'm looking forward to watching the TV series but I'm hoping it will be a lot like the books.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	07-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Loved it, need more new ones.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	07-AUG-14	4	Fabulous series. Each book is a page turner!	Fabulous series.  Each book is a page turner!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	08-AUG-14	5	The whole series is great!	She hasn't written a bad book yet!  I even ordered STARS so that I could watch the series.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	08-AUG-14	5	Loved it, reading the next one	Loved it , reading the next one!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	10-AUG-14	3	At times it felt like an obligatory read just so I could get through ...	It needed a little more action.  At times it felt like an obligatory read just so I could get through the book and move on to the next one. According to reader's reviews on what is coming next, I won't be disappointed.  Thank you to Diana for an amazing series which has now become part of my life.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	10-AUG-14	5	So far the best in the series!	Alot happens in this book and the last chapters are really surprising!  Already into the next book which is equally as exciting!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	11-AUG-14	5	The saga and story continues with Claire, Jamie, ...	The saga and story continues with Claire, Jamie, Brianna and Roger.  Just immerse yourself and continue the journey along with them,
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	12-AUG-14	5	... get hooked on this series and each book is great.	You get hooked on this series and each book is great.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	13-AUG-14	5	Llmcdonaldrn	Every book this lady has been like being under a spell. You cannot put it down. Never boring, never want to skip anything. You may miss a very important detail. Cannot wait to start the next book. Watch the premier of the series. It was great. But, I prefer the written word. Never can get everything important detail on screen. What will I read to outshine or even compare to this series? Thanks to Diana for her wonder books.  : - )
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	13-AUG-14	5	Amazing!	This saga only continues to get better with each new book. Diana Gabaldon certainly knows how to tell a story!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	13-AUG-14	5	The great story continues	The great story continues. I love when I read her books that I am carried away to the story. The characters and scenes are so well developed that you feel as if you are apart of the story. I love reading this series.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	13-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Couldn't put the book down.
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	14-AUG-14	5	They are simply fantastic. This is the 5th one and I just ...	Diana always gets 5 stars for her Outlander series.  Goodness, if you haven't read them, you really need to get a move on!  They are simply fantastic.  This is the 5th one and I just got done reading it for the third time.  I've read the first 4 of them 4 times now and I never tire of them.  They are just like visiting old friends.  I'm now reading the 6th one (A Breath of Snow and Ashes) and since I've only read it once, it's like a whole new chapter again!  Do start reading the Outlander series; you won't be one bit sorry!
The Fiery Cross (Outlander Book 5)	14-AUG-14	5	love it!	I read these books like eating candy! This is my second go around and they are better this time! I find my self reading them slower and catching the humor I missed!
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	15-JUL-14	5	OUTSTANDING	I am going to run out of adjectives for Robin Hobb's books. I have just stayed up till 6 am reading this book as I couldn't bear to put it down until I learned FitzChivalry's fate. As are the first two books in the trilogy, this book is beautifully written, and will keep you enthralled throughout its 750+ pages. I can't wait to start another series written by this author.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	15-JUL-14	5	A+	best series I've read in a while, and its not evil.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	15-JUL-14	3	I liked the over all plot	A much more confused and muddled ending than the previous 2 books. The story over all could have used a bit more editing. I liked the over all plot, but getting from point A to point B seemed forced at times. Still there were points i laughed out loud and felt genuine thrills, so i give it 3 stars. Can't say much about the story cause theres huge spoilers (especially on the cover, hello?)
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	17-JUL-14	5	Great character development	One of the top fantasy trilogies I've ever read. Great character development, great storytelling. I was lucky to find book one on sale for .99 cents on Amazon and was hooked.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	22-JUL-14	2	Not quite as boring as IRS worksheets...	I found myself 20% through this book thinking that something would happen.  40%, same thoughts.  Then a conflict!  Then more waiting.  waiting.  til about 96% through.  Ms Hobb takes character development to a new level and beats you over the head with the lack of character that FitzChivalry displays and his incessant whining.  And, did the villain even appear?  Spoiler alert -->  you get shortchanged, just as you did upon purchase of this book.. My suggestion:  read the wikipedia article and count it a win.  Supposedly the Liveship Traders and Tawny Man trilogies are worthwhile, but I'm not going to touch them myself.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	22-JUL-14	5	Fantastic fantasy book that wraps up the trilogy nicely	Fantastic fantasy book that wraps up the trilogy nicely. It was a rather slow build up to a fantastic climax. Really enjoyed this whole series, and look forward to reading the next one.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	23-JUL-14	3	Ends trilogy, but not as good at others	Third in a great series, this book slows way down. The story could have been told in 200 pages rather than 750, or those extra pages could have been used to lay more of a background for all the twists and turns at the end. Still, I'm glad I finished the series.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	24-JUL-14	4	A Successful Quest	I enjoyed this as much the second time around--I guess the Farseer trilogy was my first acquaintance with Robin Hobb. I have sought out and read all of her books in the Six-Duchies world since then. Some weeks ago I lucked onto a Kindle freebie of  Assassin's Apprentice, and grabbed it up. I read it right away. I guess the promo was to build up interest in the new trilogy, just coming out featuring Fitz and the Fool (finally!). I happened to own the second Farseer book, Royal Assassin, and naturally had to read it again, as the first vol. reminded me how much I liked these characters and their world. Then I bought a copy of Quest on Amazon Marketplace. It is a longer and richer book than the first two and is a worthy conclusion to the trilogy. I was unhappy with Fitz's treatment of Molly. How can he be so clueless? But then I realized his world growing up was almost exclusively male, and those males indeed for the most part didn't have women playing any significant role in their lives. So it makes sense, sadly, and anyway, as near as I can figure, he was only about nineteen years old at the end. I recommend this book (and the trilogy as a whole). I believe it holds its own compared to fantasy being written today, and look forward to finding out if the new Fitz trilogy will be up to the challenge of continuing the story. P.S. The Tawny Man trilogy is actually a continuation of the story of FitzChivalry and the Fool, so I plan to reread that set also before dipping into the current book coming out this month. Incidentally, I don't know why this review is listed as being for the Kindle edition. I have the mass-market paperback. But I guess the text is the same, either way, so no biggie.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	26-JUL-14	4	Assassins quest	Very good did not want to put it down.. The pace of the story keeps you turning pages as fast as possible to find out what happens next.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	27-JUL-14	5	Exceptional Reading	This is my new fave author and I love this third in the trilogy!  Characters are real as life.  I spent much time contemplating them and felt I knew them extremely well, especially the main character, FitzChivalry. The adventurous story is captivating and unresistable.  I purchased it to take on a trip, but read it all before I left.  I am now starting her sequel trilogy, the Tawny Man, Fool's Errand.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	01-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Great way to end the series
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	10-AUG-14	4	Thrilling conclusion to this epic fantasy	Assassin's Quest by Robin Hobb. Four stars for a sweeping epic. I highly recommend this classic trilogy but be warned it takes a commitment from the reader to make it through the entire trilogy!. Spoilers.. Gone is the almost claustrophobic setting of the first two books where Fitz rarely leaves Buckkeep. This story spans a much greater distance and epic journey.. Fitz is not the sharpest knife in the drawer - that much hasn't changed from the first two books in the trilogy. This is a character trait that usually drives me mad in most books, but that's because authors usually try to convince the reader that main character isn't dumb as a post - usually be having the other characters fawn and praise him. Not so with Fitz, both Chade and Burrich in the first part of the book and many others as the story progresses point out the character's flaws.. Fitz as always is the Catalyst as the Fool (whose real name is never revealed!) often calls him and never the true driver of the action. Never the hero. He botches nearly everything he touches and in the end saves the day almost by sheer luck.. The story opens where book 2 left off. Fitz has been resurrected from the dead and must recall that he is human. It is a long task that Burrich takes on with patience of a saint.. Once he finally comes to himself, Fitz wastes his one advantage, the fact that everyone believes him dead, before charging forward with an ill-conceived and poorly executed attempt on Regal's life. After that he is running for his life. He is captured no less than three times and Robin Hobb never spares our characters any grief or torture.. The main flaw with this book is that it is massive! Much happens from the beginning when Fitz awakens still believing himself a wolf and the end when Verity finally wins back his Kingdom and defeats the Red Ships.. Mostly, Fitz travels, meets various people who pointout his flaws including his continued drug addiction (Elf Bark which in the first two books was used without a hint that it was problematic is revealed as very dangerous perhaps even disastrous in book three) . Fitz continues to trust people when he shouldn't and reveal secrets that threaten those he loves. Time and time again he fails to put the pieces of the puzzles together. At one point Verity states something off handedly that was obvious to the reader (at least me) but completely missed by Fitz. By how easily Verity comes to realize it, I think we are meant to find Fitz a little lacking in the perception skills!. It is a long journey told in great detail. Dragons are not even mentioned until about 70% through the book - they are never foreshadowed and so their appearance is a little too abrupt. Not surprising, since a dragon appears on the cover, but still some foreshadowing would have served the story better.. It is riveting and the writing continued to draw me in, though perhaps like George RR Martin, Robin Hobb likes to torture her readers a bit.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	11-AUG-14	3	Too Much Pain, Too Much of a Worldbuilding Wrench	This was a painful to read as it was for the main character to live.  The book could have been two hundred pages shorter without all of the introspection.  Some might like to wallow in pain and guilt, but not me. I like the characters to struggle, but not here when it goes on and on.  The satisfaction of the conclusion was marred by a large shift in worldbuilding scope.  It detracted from the story, in my opinion. Hobb's character development of the other characters continued to be interesting.  Her writing style is very accessible.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	11-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Excellent story line and ending.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	12-AUG-14	5	Tremendous end to a tremendous trilogy	The Farseer trilogy starts very well-- excellent characterization, well-written dialogue (internal and well as external), and a nice take on the classic epic fantasy.  It continues even better: as the story develops over three 'long-novel-length' volumes, it becomes fascinatingly less straightforward, adding a level both metaphysical and metaphorical, while never leaving the fantasy format.  Hobb's take on dragons is particularly novel.    The Farseer Trilogy's characters are well drawn, complex emotionally, and consistently interesting.  Even the evil arch-enemy has a well-formed psychological background, explaining (without excusing) his actions.  The protagonist's character especially develops over the three volumes, as he grows in maturity and abilities, and has to learn to deal with difficulties and setbacks.    The trilogy's complexity ensures that it is not to be read out of order, or just once-- this isn't a 're-read' but a easily a three-read or more.    And if you have never read this trilogy?  Then I envy you, for your opportunity to enter into Hobb's Kingdom of the Six Duchies for the first time.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	13-AUG-14	3	Trilogy gets stuck in the mud, over and over again.	This trilogy was okay, overall, but I had one problem with the way it kept on regressing.  It was a very cool concept overall, but the execution was lacking, pun intended.  As an assassin, he hardly assassinated anyone.  Every time it seemed like the story was going to actually move forward, something happens to halt it in its tracks and then you spend more time reading about how the protagonists work themselves back into shape to move forward again.  This happens often enough to get annoying.  If you're going to feature tragic adversity, that's cool, but often it's pointless adversity that could have been avoided if the characters were as smart as they're built up to be, and the villains were as dumb as they were built up to be.  It just swings back and forth too much without consistency.
Assassin's Quest: The Farseer Trilogy Book 3	14-AUG-14	4	Great series, but I was disappointed with the "blah" ...	Great series, but I was disappointed with the "blah" ending.  Sort of a let-down after a great ride.  But don't let that stop you from reading all three books!
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	15-JUL-14	5	A+	best series I've read in a while, and its not evil.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	20-JUL-14	5	Left me desperate to read book 3	Royal Assassin (Book 2 of the Farseer Trilogy) By Robin Hobb. Some things to remember when reading this book: this is not the Hero's story and Fitz is not a Hero. Robin Hobb's writing is always brilliant even when the story seems stalled.. I give this book, like the first in the series a 5 star rating. it is tough because at times it is frustrating, but in the end I think the frustration comes from the absolutely amazing way that the author sucks you into the lives of these characters. It is Fitz and who he is that is sometimes maddening. It is the utter feeling of helplessness as events unfold in front of the reader making one want to shout at the characters. That's excellent writing. These are not cardboard cutout super heroes. This story is a tragedy driven by the very human faults of all the characters.. The second book in the series opens not long after the events concluded in book 1. Fitz is convalescing in the mountains having been poisoned (twice), beaten, and drowned and yet somehow still alive.. He isn't doing well, as the combination has left him with lingering aliments including seizures. The book gets off to a slow start as the story spends too much time in the mountains as Fitz contemplates his fate.. He eventually gets back to Buckkeep and the story is pretty slow and frustrating until nearly the end. There are repetitive scenes with the King who is deteriorating  (poisoned, self-medicating, or is he being killed after all?), while no one seems to be able to act. Regal plots politically. Verity continues Skilling to protect the kingdom. Fitz goes on an all too brief stint with the newly minted fleet before returning to the claustrophobic and repetitive life at court.. Fitz seems ever the observer in this intensely troubled time. He is sent out on missions to kill forged ones but for the most part he talks. He talks with Verity, Lady Patience, Queen Kat, King Shrewd, and his mentor Chade. there is a lotof talking going on and not so much action.. He reconnects with Molly who has been taken on as a servant to Lady Patience. At first he must watch her from a far having been warned that he isn't to compromise her reputation - there is a lot of that in this story. The society is a prudish one to say the least. Despite the warnings and the danger, they become lovers and Fitz pursues the right to marry her with no luck. The King has other plans for Fitz.. Fitz rescues a wolf cub and despite all bad experience he has had and his own intentions, he bonds with the creature called Nighteyes. He must keep the relationship secret and somehow manages to do that until nearly the end.. Verity decides that they are losing the war with the Red Ships, who they are no closer to understanding than in the first book, and throws a Hail Mary by going on a quest to find help from the perhaps mythical Ederlings.. After he leaves things really go to hell in the Kingdom as Regal solidifies his hold going so far to claim Verity is dead. Fitz knows he is not as he is able to contact him via Skill.. By the end of the novel, all the plans and machination of Burich, Fitz, and Chade are shattered. Everyone except Burrich and Chade believe Fitz dead. King Shrewd is dead. Regal is in power; crowned as King. Verity is still missing. Kettricken  is pregnant and in hiding. The six duchies are split and in a mess as Regal flees inland abandoning half 'his' Kingdom.. Throughout the first two books all the 'magic' has been subtle and mental - mostly consisting of telepathy and some mental influence. There are hints of healing powers too, but in the end Burrich essentially brings Fitz back from the dead. It is far greater magic than has been hinted before in the book.. I immediately started book 3 when I finished this one. Seriously, I was riveted.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	22-JUL-14	5	An excellent read	For someone who enjoys reading action, adventure and intrigue, this is an excellent series for you. This is the second of a three book series. So you more or less need to read all three to understand the gist of the story. Robin Hobb is one of those authors whose books call to you to come and continue reading them. You won't be disappointed; she builds a good story with strong characterizations. Several other books have sprung from this series regarding characters that have met and enjoyed while reading these books.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	24-JUL-14	5	Couldn't put it down	The Farseer series is addictive, making you want to join in FitzChivalry's fight for his king, his people, & his ladylove.  It draws you in like the Outlander, Darkover, & Dune series.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	24-JUL-14	4	First book was better. held my interest and ended in a grand ...	First book was better. held my interest and ended in a grand way. Just started the final book of the trilogy and very anxious to see how it ends.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	26-JUL-14	5	Continues the series very well.	Sequels often are not as good as the original but this is a smooth continuance. I plan to buy the next and look forward to the rest of the series.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	27-JUL-14	4	Thoroughly engaging page turner	wonderful mind-candy.  Can't wait to get lost in the next book.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	28-JUL-14	5	I got to disappear for a time into this world ...	I got to disappear for a time into this world so that's why I gave it stars, Not for get work, or sound writing skills or deep meaning. Just a romp with intriguing characters.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	03-AUG-14	4	Good, but not as good as the first volume	Reading this right after Assassin's Apprentice, I didn't think this carried through on the energy of the first book.  Perhaps it's because I knew the characters too well.  My liking of the main character drifted off as he made poor decisions.  I know that's a plot device, but since this book is in first person, it becomes very amplified.  Because of that, I dropped my rating from the five stars given the first book in this series.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	04-AUG-14	4	great book, highly recommended!	Hobb is a masterful writer and really draws you into her stories. I'll be short here because I need to start the last book now!
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	13-AUG-14	5	Part of a stellar series	Robin Hobb is GOOD.  This book and this series is well written, reflective, filled with action and well worth reading.  Take your time, if you can.  Think, think, think.
Royal Assassin: The Farseer Trilogy Book 2	14-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I thoroughly enjoyed the book from the very beginning. I'm now reading the third book in the trilogy.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	13-JUL-14	5	Great read/masterful author	Compelling story, fascinating characters with depth, and non-predictable/non-formulaic story. Great read; kept me up way past bedtime because I didn't want to leave this so-compelling imaginary world. I'm already halfway through the second one and finding it equally compelling.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	14-JUL-14	5	Must read	Intriguing.  Dual "history" citations with the memories of events of childhood as the much older adult Fritz sets down the history of his people and his origins as one of the 'king's men' and his assassin.  Hard to put down.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	14-JUL-14	4	Slow to Start, but Really Worth Reading	I received a copy of this book free as part of a re-release in exchange for writing a review.  If I hadn't promised to review it, I might not have finished it, because it was very slow to start and I had some problems with the first few chapters.  I'm really glad I kept going though, because it really picks up starting in chapter 6, and ended up being a very enjoyable read.. I wasn't a fan of the framing device of the books, I thought that the way the story begins with what seems like a historian took away from the action once we get into the story and realize the "Historian" is actually writing an autobiography.  The alternating detached introductions to the chapters and personal story content took a little getting used to, but I have a problem with this device in other books also, so maybe that's just my issue.  As I said, once the story picks up in chapter 6 the device becomes less troublesome, and the creative world building, interesting characters, and the plot override any issues that I had.  There isn't a ton of new ground broken here, and I had a pretty good idea of where a few of the plot threads were going from early in the book, but I enjoyed it enough to buy the second book and continue with the series.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	15-JUL-14	5	Oh Fitz	Fascinating story, I could not put it down.  Robin Hobb always delivers characters that are real, human, and interesting.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	15-JUL-14	5	nice series, not evil	best series I've read in a while, and its not evil.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	16-JUL-14	4	What I liked most about is that our hero grows throughout the ...	This is not an action packed novel.  Nevertheless, I found it hard to put down.  The story draws you in to a rich plot with a novel magic system. What I liked most about is that our hero grows throughout the novel from a lost boy to a resourceful young man.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	18-JUL-14	3	Good Spy Story	A book for fans of spy stories.  The story was interesting but did not have the "can't put book down" quality that other of her books have had for me.  It was just the subject matter and not her method of writing, for the book was very well written and very imaginative.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	19-JUL-14	3	fair enough	Starts out good but then seems to go off in a different direction that's difficult to follow. Don't know if I'll give the second book a try.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	21-JUL-14	3	The main bad guy is a little too easy to hate	Entertaining.  Well written and kept me interested.  The characters are engaging, if a little forced.  What I mean is that the personalities seem a little too strong for me and unchangeable (except for the main character).  The main bad guy is a little too easy to hate, but that's just one person's opinion.  The plot is simple and easy to follow which makes it a pleasant read although I would have preferred more complexity.  Perhaps that is the build up for the second novel in the series that I'm sure to buy.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	22-JUL-14	5	One of the best fantasy novels ever written	One of the best fantasy novels ever written!! Love Robin Hobb's unique fantasy world and system of magics.  Her characters captivate you in an instant
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	28-JUL-14	1	For those with patience or with nothing else to read (VERY SLOW START)	I couldn't make it through the book. I'd heard such great things about this book and really wanted to like it. But I couldn't. I couldn't get past the first 100 pages and at first, I thought it was something I was missing. As it turns out, I'm not missing something in those pages, but you have to be patient and wait for the book to pick up. Unfortunately, patience after 100 pages is something I ran out of. Every time I tried to pick this book back up and keep reading, I found something more entertaining. The characters don't really jump out to me and the story seems lack luster. Granted, I heard it gets better, but again, it takes time and in my opinion just a bit too much.. If you have patience, if you like fantasy, if you are okay with some of it just dragging on and on and on, give it a read. I wasn't impressed, and may never make it through this, but this is just one opinion and there are plenty others who powered through and enjoyed it. But maybe you should read this when there's nothing else on your nightstand to read.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	01-AUG-14	4	Good Read	An interesting story with some gripping plot developments. The depth to the story was good with complex characters that were well fleshed out. It had a satisfying conclusion while still generating interest in the upcoming books.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	03-AUG-14	5	Great plotting. Takes you right there.	The plotting and characterization set this book apart for me.  Everything is richly done and well described.  A reader truly knows they are reading the works of a great writer.  I was pulled all the way through and enjoyed being pulled.  I must admit, the title is not really indicative of the story line, for me anyway.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	04-AUG-14	4	Good but not great	Good but not great.  Just good enough to get me to buy the second book.  I really like fantasy books and usually give them 5 stars but this one left me wanting more.  I have two main complaints.   . 1. It is hard to get attached and root for a main character who doesn't have a name.  I'm not exactly sure why but that's just how I felt while reading.. 2. I didn't get that satisfying ending that I was hoping for.  At the end of the book I thought "Thats it?  The whole book led up to this?".. Still it was entertaining and I'm hoping in book two I'll get that satisfaction I'm looking for.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	04-AUG-14	3	Where's my Whelan cover art?	I love Robin Hobb's writing and this is one of my favorite books - but I am absolutely appalled that they pulled the original cover art by Michael Whelan in favor of the new cover of the young man in the blue cloak. Yeccch.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	04-AUG-14	5	I enjoyed this new story line in SFF that I bought ...	I enjoyed this new story line  in SFF that I bought the second book in this series in The Farseer Trilogy.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	04-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Great story, Hobb is a good writer in this genre.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	05-AUG-14	5	A fine epic fantasy	Reading this book after many years, I am again taken not only by the quality of world-building but by the intricacies of the plot.  Hobb made wonderful use out of the "Royal bastard" plot device long before anyone ever learned that "Winter is coming!", showing the opposite aspect of the same coin: rather than push the bastard out of sight, who hold him close.. If you haven't read Robin Hobb, I envy you the opportunity to do so for the first time.  If you have, this is an opportunity to re-read an excellent piece of fantasy.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	06-AUG-14	3	Three Stars	No action and very slow plot.  Needs more drama.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	07-AUG-14	5	excellent read	Very human, the storytelling is superb. I am recommending this to all my friends who enjoyed the Game of Thrones series
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	07-AUG-14	2	Hopeless waste of time	The plot was extremely boring, there was hardly enough dialogue, too much retrospect narration, and the continued vibe was outrageously negative. I think I kept reading because it simply provided an excuse when I should have been doing more useful things. I also kept reading because I hoped someday, SOMETHING GOOD would happen. I literally cannot believe there are 464 pages about a boy who is mistreated, neglected, abused, lonely, angry, betrayed, outcast, confused etc and nothing good ever happens. Ever. And there are too many unexplained "mysteries." I get that it is a trilogy but there are much better ways to get a reader to move onto the next book. I'm warning you all, don't waste your time.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	10-AUG-14	5	Rich immersive story	Fitz is the bastard son of the beloved king in waiting. Fitz is quickly cast aside and given to the stable master to raise. Preparing for the future, the king decides to have Fitz trained as an assassin and tested for a magical ability passed through the bloodline. With a new threat to the kingdom and power plays constantly in motion, Fitz has numerous opportunities to implement his new skills but he soon ends up becoming a target himself. This is the first book in the Farseer trilogy.. Assassin's Apprentice is a memorable fantasy novel with rich descriptions. It has an interesting narration where at the beginning of each chapter there is the sense of a much older Fitz relaying the story before quickly settling into the younger perspective. The story unfolds gradually through interlaced storlines that follow Fitz from childhood through adolescence and into young adulthood. It has an episodic quality that lends itself to epic high fantasy.. The story has a cast of noteworthy characters with great characterization and interesting backstories. I liked how the various mentor relationships were formed and tested throughout the story. Fitz's assassin and magic training were intriguing and had engaging storylines where each mission tests his loyalty and resolve. I liked that Fitz struggled with his endeavors and that there was a sense of growth as well as setbacks throughout the story.. The descriptions are rich and vivid creating an immersive reading experience. It has great world building with a diverse range of cultures, societal structures, politics, and locations. The different magic systems were portrayed wonderfully and allowed for further characterization. The first magic system was telepathy with animals and explored the mental bond formed. I adored the animal personifications especially because it remained subtle characterization rather than full blown anthropomorphism. The second magic system was a mysterious ability accessible by alimited group of people of royal descent that had interesting consequences.. The end of the book felt a bit slow because a new location and culture were introduced. However it makes up for it with a clever deadly ploy that ties up loose ends while setting the foundation for the next book. Overall, I enjoyed reading Assassin's Apprentice and I look forward to reading the rest of the series..  
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	10-AUG-14	5	This book is utterly flawless. I give it an unreserved 5 star rating.	The Assassin's Apprentice. By Robin Hobb. This book is utterly flawless. I give it an unreserved 5 star rating.. First published 1995, I somehow over looked this amazing gem until it was a Goodreads BOM on one of my groups.. From the first paragraph, this story sucked me in. The narrator's voice is compelling and the story if traditional is well told. I utterly lost myself in this story. I occasionally thought it was reminiscent of both the King Killer Chronicles and Raven's Shadow before reminding myself that this story actually predates both so it is really the other way around. The story follows the life of one royal bastard from his discovery at only six years through his early life and introduction to the cut-throat world of politics. Told a sort of remembrance from a much older version of himself, the story manages to remain immediate and personal.. I was left eager to read the next installment of this series.
Assassin's Apprentice: The Farseer Trilogy Book 1	14-AUG-14	5	Great book, great series	Great book, great series.  SPOILER ALERT - ending of the series was a bit of a bummer, but I'm still glad I read it.  Robb Hobb did a great job.  Ha!  That rhymes!
Fool's Errand: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 1	15-JUL-14	5	A+	best series I've read in a while, and its not evil.
Fool's Errand: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 1	31-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Robin Hobb has a wonderful way with words.
Fool's Errand: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 1	10-AUG-14	1	All talk no action	Well the Farseer trilogy by robin Hobbs was great and a must read so I said I gotta read this book, big mistake. First off there's absolutely no action. I stopped reading this bore story at page 430, and the fact he was not able to get over a girl he dated when he was 16 is idiotic, considering he thirty five in this book.
Fool's Errand: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 1	11-AUG-14	5	One of my all time favorite ensembles of characters in fantasy fiction!	What is not to like about poor Fitz and his Tawny friend!  Great writing, great characters.  One of my favorite series.
Golden Fool: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 2	19-JUL-14	4	i really enjoyed this book	I am a big fan of the Tawny Man series. This book has added to my admiration of Robin's story telling abilities. I felt as if I was back on a journey with old friends.
Golden Fool: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 2	06-AUG-14	5	the best as always	Have read her series three times. One of my all time favorites. The whole series is great not just this book
The Sword of Shannara Trilogy	14-JUL-14	5	Always liked this series	Classic books that only get better with age.  Always loved this series from when they first came out.  It is worthy of being one of the top series in history.
The Sword of Shannara Trilogy	15-JUL-14	5	great read	Really great read definitely a must.
The Sword of Shannara Trilogy	01-AUG-14	5	This book was absolutely wonderful. I have read every Shannara book out there ...	This book was absolutely wonderful.  I have read every Shannara book out there and they're ALL outstanding.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	14-JUL-14	5	The adventure continues	Martin continues his outstanding story.  This series is great. The worlds and characters are well thought out and intelligent.  The series is comparable in it's quality to the Lord of the Rings trilogy.  I highly recommend the series.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	14-JUL-14	5	Outstanding	Never have I read a book I enjoyed so much as I did reading this book. Martin writing style guarantee to lift you of this life into his fantasy world. Already looking forward to read the next book.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	15-JUL-14	4	read the whole series!	I recommend the whole series to people that like love great story lines and that are  often grim.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	17-JUL-14	5	Loved it!	Loved it! This book gets you up to the point where the series currently ends. There are a couple things in the book that are not yet revealed in the HBO series.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	17-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	This is a brilliant book and the writer has a beautiful mind.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	18-JUL-14	5	awesome	Best of the  3 that I have read so far. Exciting ending. Can't wait to start book 4 and get to book 5.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	18-JUL-14	5	so good	The book rocked my socks off
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	18-JUL-14	5	of course it's good	Nothing to add here, the book series continues to be all I want to read in my free time. Next book starting now!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Best of the entire series so far!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	20-JUL-14	5	So exciting!	It starts on a slow pace, there is progress of course, but once you're halfway, the book unravels completely and you're in for a ride! So many surprises!!! Can't wait to read the next one!!!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	20-JUL-14	1	I rate this low in regards to it's formatting on ...	I rate this low in regards to it's formatting on the kindle. The actual content of the book I've yet to delve very far into. My only complaint is the appearance of the beginning of each chapter the border starts halfway down the page and the first letter of the chapter is off to the left center of the page. Rather unsightly and makes to ruin the the kindle has of reading a normal book. I have no idea why this happened with this book in particular because I have read the rest of the series on the kindle with out issue.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	20-JUL-14	5	best fantasy series ever?	best fantasy series ever?
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	23-JUL-14	5	Amazing Read	What an amazing read. This book is gripping and page turning.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	23-JUL-14	5	they get better and better	Better than the show, and the story gets better as you keep reading. I can't wait for the next book.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	24-JUL-14	5	Clever and exciting	As with the first two installments of the series, A Storm of Swords was a fantastic and exciting read. This political thriller war games mystery fantasy novel is clever and fun and kept me on the edge of my seat all 1,000+ pages. Especially loved the tip-of-the-hat to Princess Bride, the thrill of the Red Wedding, and the triumphs and tribulations at the wall.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	24-JUL-14	5	Things start to get really good again!	A lot more exciting than Clash of Kings. Games of Thrones was amazing at setting up the players and their background, but Cash of Kings then took the role of setting more context, set things in motion for the real things the story is about, and that makes it a bit slow.. On Storm of Swords, things start to pick up again, and it really is a page-turner (CofK wasn't for me). Highly recommended!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	25-JUL-14	5	Keeps getting better	They just keep getting better.  Problem is, can't put them down = not sleeping!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	25-JUL-14	5	Excellent	Love these novels, I cannot put them down!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	25-JUL-14	4	All is not as it seems in Westeros	This one starts slows, but I was racing through it near the end. At times, the pattern of surprise endings in many of the chapters became slightly repetitive. I need a break before reading the next book. However, the characters are amazing. When some bad characters did some good deeds, Martin had me hooked for life.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	25-JUL-14	5	This is a really great series of books and each one just gets better ...	This is a really great series of books and each one just gets better and better.  It was hard for me to put down when I would start reading because you can't wait to see what happens next.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	26-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	The whole series is constantly moving - full of action that keeps the reader reading
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	27-JUL-14	5	Twists and turns throughout the book	I really enjoyed Clash Of Kings, but this book may be even better. It has plot twists and turns all throughout the book. Martin introduces New schemers and mixes them with the old plotters to really increase the tension in the book. Another excellent addition to the Song Of Fire And Ice series. I would definitely recommend this book to other readers.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	28-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Excellent, going on to Book Four!!!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	28-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	intriguing story with complex plot lines. Not for the faint of heart-graphic violence and sexual content.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	28-JUL-14	5	Great series.	I love this series. I just wish I had more time to read.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	29-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	so convenient to have ebooks
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	29-JUL-14	3	Great, more or less self consistent fantasy of the ...	Great, more or less self consistent fantasy of the Tolkien type. Not Tolkien however, but fun nevertheless.. His characters are well rounded and multifaceted. I have a feeling that his hero is Tyrion the dwarf, but everyone gets a pretty fair shake, even the totally evil ones.. I find that the whole magic/zombie/dragon/sorcery thing is totally unnecessary and lowers the tone. A medieval world of ambitious, ruthless contenders for a throne would have been more satisfying. But he is very ingenious in his invention of the different religions and customs, which all are quite believable and make sense in their contexts.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	29-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I absolutely LOVE all of these books!! Can barely put them down!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	29-JUL-14	5	LOVE!	Amazing book series! I am absolutely hooked. It's very graphic and sexual but the story itself is phenomenal. George R.R. Martin is a genius!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	30-JUL-14	5	Best one!	Best one in the series! Looking forward to the other 2 and even more further down the line. Another great read!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	30-JUL-14	5	Excellent!	while it is hard to watch characters you have come to like suffer, the story is engaging and plot twists abound.  An excellent read!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	30-JUL-14	5	a must read	Do yourself a favor and read the entire series. I love you gaga. Blah blah and of course blah blah
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	31-JUL-14	5	This book changes everything.	My god, this book will take everything that you know about the game of thrones universe and turn it upside down. It revisits events of the past and changes everything, what you thought was the truth is actually a lie. The characters you love and the characters you despise change for the worse and the unthinkable will happen several times over.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	01-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	once you start to read you can't stop
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	01-AUG-14	5	Even better than the first two books in the series	Even better than the first two books in the series.  The 1200 pages fly by and then you will wish for more!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	01-AUG-14	5	Best one yet!	Best one so far!  Martin keeps brining on the intrigue and action.  I can't get enough.  I absolutely have no idea where he's going or who's going to get killed next or why!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	02-AUG-14	5	Another page-turner	This is a page-turner. I read on Kindle and listened on audio.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	02-AUG-14	5	Wth	Wth is all I have to say. Did not see that coming. No spoilers coming from me but I am flabbergasted.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	02-AUG-14	4	Still burning midnight oil to get to one more chapter!  Good story	I am still really caught up in this story. amazed that the story line can possibly be kept moving in the right directions for all the Houses, without really confusing the reader! There are still surprises at every turn. Just as I have accepted a "loss" of a character, circumstances change, and the character returns in a reasonable and acceptable way, unlike the "dream states" of other plots elsewhere.  Just beginning #4, and I am anxious to get back to it! Don't let the size or scope of these books intimidate you. once you start the story flows, and flows, and flows. 
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	03-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Fantastic continuation of the story. 
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	03-AUG-14	5	awesome	I don't read. I love all of these books they are the best ever  can't wait to finish them all
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	03-AUG-14	5	the best book in the series	This is, so far, the best book in the series. The combination of action throughout and incredible story lines really made this a book that was easy to read and hard to put down.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	04-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Amazing as usual, loved it!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	05-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Once you hit 60% the book just grabs you. Almost impossible to put down.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	05-AUG-14	5	Still hiding under a rock	Where have I been? This book was amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Worth the purchase.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	06-AUG-14	5	Continue series!	Hard to put down, builds on book 2 well
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	06-AUG-14	3	LIke it will never end	LIke it will never end.  The most tedious of the books, but if you're hooked and you've read book 2 and want to read book 4, you have to choice but to plow through it and keep going.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	06-AUG-14	5	Storm of Swords another winner!	another great book in the series!  Can't go wrong with any of these books.  The entire series is well thought out, developing lands, cultures, people, and characters right from the start and continuing throughout each book.  Each book stands alone as well.  Can't miss.  Just a word of warning. start reading a book or see the HBO series and you will be addicted.  One taste and you must read each book!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	06-AUG-14	5	Excellent continuation of the narrative	Excellent continuation of the narrative. Looking forward to seeing what happens next. I just hope that it doesn't ruin the show for me!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	06-AUG-14	5	Storm of Swords: GOT in a good read!	Martin, in the tradition of Tolkien and other writers, has built a world and invited us in. It's got everything. Castles, knights, wenches, a Wall, secret societies, dragons, swords, etc. What else could a guy want?
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	06-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Great series, will keep you on the edge of your seat.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	07-AUG-14	5	A Storm of Swords:A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	Evil,Cruel,Sad all for what? To be a King, Lord, or rule??  Just when you think your favorite character, one of the good ones, dies, the game changes. I hope the cliffhanger in this one shows that someone is back, and with a vengeance!!!  I can't wait to start on book four!!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	10-AUG-14	5	Great read!	I loved the HBO show so much that in between seasons I needed my Game of Thrones fix, so I started reading the books. Now I haven't been able to put them down, because they are so good! I haven't been this into something since Harry Potter.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	10-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	read them all waiting for the last one
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	11-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I enjoyed it very much. Looking forward to read book number 4
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	11-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	i have really enjoyed all three books i have read so far . all ready started book  4
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	11-AUG-14	5	Cleavery and plotting to win	This was the most unexpected of plots yet devised by Martin.  I am very glad he is an author that does not mind killing off main characters.  I wait in anticipation of the death of Cersei.  I hope he finds heart to make Brienne loveable.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	11-AUG-14	4	parts of the book were boring. However	Having watched the first four seasons on television, parts of the book were boring.. However, the last 150 pages were exciting and just the way they should be.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	11-AUG-14	5	Hard to put down!	Story has many dimensions & facets.  Difficult to put book aside. Looking forward to next book now.  This is a great series!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	11-AUG-14	5	Great!	Totally enthralling!  G Martin has an amazing ability to keep readers going and wondering what's next.  Can't wait to read the next one!
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	12-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I thought it was great
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	12-AUG-14	4	Good book and part of series Game of Thrones	Wife really likes book and series. I  enjoyed watching video.  The books and series are very entertaining and interestingly written.
A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three	14-AUG-14	5	best of the series so far	Can't speak for the next two books yet, but this one was chilling. Worth reading even for those who, like me, watch the HBO series.
Windhaven (Bantam Spectra Book)	28-JUL-14	2	Enjoyable for a while. I got tired of it ...	Enjoyable for a while. I got tired of it.  I kept expecting them to find some way to duplicate the wings' fabric, but they didn't. Not typical of George R R Martin's writing today, except that it's a world with no technological progress!
Windhaven (Bantam Spectra Book)	31-JUL-14	3	not game of thrones but	This is not Game of Thrones but it is a good tale told well. A story of one woman insisting that she be allowed to live the life she wanted despite the traditions around her and the impact of her decisions & of her actions on the fabric of her society.
Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas	24-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Good, wacky summer read.
Dragonquest (Pern Book 17)	17-JUL-14	5	When you need another world to live on, Pern will welcome  you in and never let you go.	When you need another real world to live in,  Pern will welcome you,  beguile you,  and never let you go
Dragonquest (Pern Book 17)	26-JUL-14	5	I've always loved Ann Mccaffrey novels.	This one is so excellent and shows why her books have always been best sellers. The world of Perm and the people of Pernare  so exceedingly well crafted that they are people in one's life. This series is so believable that it is a history book of one's own family rather than a just a well crafted story. (My kindle won't let me write Perm.) It keeps changing to perm..  This story concentrates on the discovery of a new way to fight thread, yet it also shows the results of selfishness and greed. Nicely done, Anne! I'm probably going to go back and reread, again, all her work.
Dragonquest (Pern Book 17)	12-AUG-14	5	pern books are the best	Anne has a way of putting you right there with all the action. I love all of the pern books.
Dragonquest (Pern Book 17)	13-AUG-14	4	Second time around.	Anne Mccaffrey was my first. First dragon world author, that is. I've read all her works and still enjoy them as I revisit them in my retirement.. Chowell53
Nerilka's Story (Pern Book 13)	14-JUL-14	5	John's thoughts of this book	Anne is again a winner as an descriptive and compelling artist. She draws you into her story's and compels you to believe that you part of her story.  This is my third time through this series and it is still as fresh and compelling as my first time. Thank you ever so much.  John E. Mattison Jr.
Nerilka's Story (Pern Book 13)	24-JUL-14	4	I'm hooked on Pern.	as good as all other Perm books. Fills in the blanks as to what happened during this fall of Perm.
Nerilka's Story (Pern Book 13)	25-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	loved the story got a lot of background on pern
Dragonsdawn (Pern Book 1)	07-AUG-14	5	great reading	Anne's Dragon Riders of Pern books are awesome  if you like to read of dragons and like SYfY then this series of books are for you  all are a great read
Dragonsdawn (Pern Book 1)	10-AUG-14	5	An excellent series well worth the time to read	The beginning of Anne McCaffrey's dragon centric series on PERN.  A classic in the genre. From this start evolved a series of related works written both by her and her son, Todd. An excellent series well worth the time to read.
Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern	25-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	loved the story got a lot of great background on pern
The Sword of Shannara	17-JUL-14	5	The Sword of Shannara	I have read the whole Shannara series of books.
The Sword of Shannara	09-AUG-14	5	I loved it!	Packed with action and adventure, I loved it!
The Elfstones of Shannara (The Sword of Shannara)	21-JUL-14	3	got through maybe half of this book and had to put it down - the world of Shannara feels like a cheap imitation of middle earth	I started with the Sword of Shannara, which is justly criticized for resembling the lord of the rings a bit too closely, got through maybe half of this book and had to put it down - the world of Shannara feels like a cheap imitation of middle earth and I just can't get past that.
The Elfstones of Shannara (The Sword of Shannara)	31-JUL-14	5	loved this whole series of books	loved this whole series of books, so now I'm on to The Heritage of Shannara. Terry Brooks - LOVE your writing.
The Elfstones of Shannara (The Sword of Shannara)	09-AUG-14	5	This is the best novel I have ever read	I have read this book many times.  I bought it on kindle and reread it yet again.. The story never gets old.
First King of Shannara (The Sword of Shannara)	28-JUL-14	5	Standing Ovation	Over the years I have read every one of Terry Brooks books and (The sword of Shannara ) series is my favorite. This book especially because it gives the reasons for why everything happens  in the series. "Standing Ovation " !! Terrific!!!  Terry Brooks
First King of Shannara (The Sword of Shannara)	30-JUL-14	5	Amazing Book	Another masterpiece from Terry Brooks! Could not stop reading once I started. Amazing to finally discover the story behind the sword.
The Wishsong of Shannara: 3 (The Sword of Shannara)	17-JUL-14	5	The Wishsong of Shannara	I have read the whole Shannara series of books.
Centaur Aisle (Xanth)	24-JUL-14	5	puns galore	As expected of a (Xanth)ony Novel, puns abound. A strategic mind is behind these seemingly playful novels. When the king of Xanth gets trapped in mundania, it falls to a motley group to rescue him, with much adventure along the way. You will meet Dor, incumbent to the throne, whose magical talent allows him to converse with the inanimate, Irene- the princess, who can grow anything, and gives new meaning to the phrase "green thumb." There is also Grundy, a golem of communication, recently made living, and of all things, an ogre. See how this varied gang learns to work together to affect a daring rescue for the good of Xanth.
Centaur Aisle (Xanth)	13-AUG-14	3	Cute but wearing.	I loved these books as a--forgive me--tween.  I liked the world building and the fact that the author lived about 30 minutes away from me on the Mundane peninsula that resembles Xanth.  I loved the silly puns and the characters' integrity.  When I revisited the Land of Xanth recently I was less enchanted.  Piers Anthony has definite gifts--anyone who has read "Chthon" or "A Spell for Chameleon" knows that the man has a fantastic imagination and terrific writing.  He just seems to do better with the first few books in a series.  The puns that that mark this series become wearing after a while and the constant deus ex machina that extracts the heroes in dangerous situations lacks credibility.  Another series I should have left on the shelf so that my pre-adolescent self could retain its happy memories.
Source of Magic (Xanth)	17-JUL-14	5	great sequel to the first	Awesome adventure for bink and his friends to unravel the source of magic. Will definitely be suggesting this to friends
Ogre, Ogre (Xanth)	31-JUL-14	5	adventure in Xanth	There were many less puns in this novel of Xanth, where souls were in danger. An ogre travels the unknown areas of Xanth in search of an answer to a question he never asked. Along the way, he picks up a tree dryad, a fairy, the Siren, a centaur, and explores the world of the gourd.
The Scions of Shannara (The Heritage of Shannara)	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Its a great book
The Elf Queen of Shannara (The Heritage of Shannara)	08-AUG-14	4	Good to see Terry Brooks using a female heroine	Good to see Terry Brooks using a female heroine.  It is well paced and ends well.  As always too many people die but I guess that keeps the intensity up.
The Renegades of Pern	14-JUL-14	4	Integral to Dragonriders Series	Somewhat slow reading at times, but an integral part of the Dragonriders of Pern series. So, I say it's a "must read" for all those interested.
All the Weyrs of Pern	19-JUL-14	5	All the Weyrs of Pern	Having read all of the books in Anne Mccaffrey's Pern series, I decided to read them again. As I read this particular book I could not shake the sadness of our favorite author's passing. Knowing that her son Todd has taken up the baton got me through the final chapter. For everything they have given of themselves, I thank them both. To you, dear reader, read this book and any other of their's you can get your hands on!
All the Weyrs of Pern	31-JUL-14	5	Best of her books	Really enjoyed this one! It was written better than previous of her books in my opinion. A must read and good compliment to the prequel.
All the Weyrs of Pern	03-AUG-14	3	Lots of errors	Whoever copied this from the original didn't do a very good job.  There were a lot of errors.  It's a good thing I've already read it multiple times or I would have been confused several times.
All the Weyrs of Pern	13-AUG-14	5	Amazing!	Anne McCaffrey has always been amazing in her Dragonriders of Pern Series. This one is no exception.
The Demon Awakens (The DemonWars Saga)	21-JUL-14	1	HO HO! WHAT?	I should have listened to the other one star reviews. I bought this book because I enjoyed the Dark Elf series. I'm not quite sure what happened with this book (my husband has read R.A. Salvatore books and is disappointed that I dislike this one so much as am I). Now mind you, I have not finished it yet simply because I can't. I just can not seem to get through it. The writing is so, SO bad and I don't know if it's the editing or what but I almost threw my kindle across the room when he used the word "BROACH" to describe the pin that someone was wearing which is a "BROOCH". And what! Is! With! The! Use! Of! Exclamation! Points! ALL! THE! TIME! It! ! Is! Really! Annoying! (see what I mean!)?. And the characters. I really, really wanted to like them but I can't.. Pony is a simpering wuss. I wanted to like Pony. I really did. I wanted her to be Master Bildeborough's wife. I thought it ludicrous that she was still so traumatized by what happened when she was a child -- traumatized to the point where she couldn't even remember what her name was -- that she threw the hot ember in his face because the memory of the kiss with Elbryan brought on the 'black wings' of something bad happening when Bildeborogh tried to consummate their marriage. I mean come on!! I could see if the traumatization was something other than her village burning down. I could understand if she had been attacked and raped as  or something equally horrifying. That would make me believe that she was wary of men and being close to one but to have a childhood kiss and then the subsequent burning of her village cause her to lose her memory and never want to be touched by a man is reaching.. Elbryan is so annoying. I get that they're trying to make him out to be the hero of the book but he's just an annoying little boy who is really full of himself. I really wish someone would run him through with a blade. And I really don't get the 'oracle'. Is that in his mind?Is it really a vision he's seeing in the mirror? Is he just talking to himself? I don't get it. And I also didn't get why he fought his Zombie uncle. What was the point? To get the magical sword? I'm just not getting the lot of it.. Avelyn - good lord if I have to read one more 'HO HO! WHAT?' exclamation from him I am going to gouge my eyes out. There are times I really wish "Brother Justice" had actually killed him.. The dactyl -  not really feeling the whole "evil menace" thing from him.. Seriously. I want to like the characters but they hold nothing for me. Nothing at all. And it's important for me to like the characters in a book I am reading. I want to feel compelled to turn the pages and read on. When something bad happens to a character I want to feel the sadness, outrage, I want to feel. I am not feeling anything with these characters and the only reason why I have read as much as I have (476 pages to be exact) is because I am waiting for it to get better but it's not. It seems like everything works out for the characters, that they prevail and save the world. The way they describe the poweries, giants and other goblins makes me think that I'd be able to defeat them wielding a kitchen knife as my sword and a pot cover for my shield.. Honestly save your money and skip this book. Unless you like a book with insipid characters, lots! of! exclamation! points! and a lack-luster plot. It will be a miracle if I even finish this book.
The Talismans of Shannara (The Heritage of Shannara)	28-JUL-14	5	Another home run for Brooks	Never seeming to quit, the story of wren, par and the other ohmsfords in this series is just as amazing as every other book of shannara. Moving on to the next immediately.
The Masterharper of Pern	06-AUG-14	5	MasterHarper Always	I'm glad Anne wrote his story from his beginning. Kind and gentle, hard as a rock. Now I see where all his traits come from.. It's a rollicking good story too. I've always thought he wrote all the Pern stories himself, that he was there for everything.. In the virtual world of Second Life Pern lives. When Anne left us we had a memorial for her. Many dragons came, and people too. Yes you can not only ride a dragon, you can BE one. We all keened for our loss of a wonderful Lady. Sometimes I think I see her riding a golden dragon high in the sky. :)
Powers That Be (Petaybee Trilogy)	20-JUL-14	5	This First Book of Petaybee Only Gets Better	I read it first in hardcover, when it first came out, and several times since. I remember that I was disappointed when it ended. I wanted MORE! You don't have to wait, you can read all 3 back to back without waiting.. It's perfect reading for a heat wave. LOL
Lord John and the Private Matter: A Novel (Lord John Grey Book 1)	28-JUL-14	5	Love these books!	Another story based on a character in the Outlander series, and Lord John is one of the main characters. LOVE THIS SERIES!
Lord John and the Private Matter: A Novel (Lord John Grey Book 1)	31-JUL-14	4	One of her best Lord John Grey novels	One of her best Lord John Grey novels.  Introduces great characters and the underworld activity  makes it a real page turner.
Lord John and the Private Matter: A Novel (Lord John Grey Book 1)	05-AUG-14	4	Good Read	It started a little slow, but the story got moving along quite well. I enjoy reading Gabaldon and this was a different perspective on the story of the Outlander series. It is interesting to learn about the life of the the other characters.
Lord John and the Private Matter: A Novel (Lord John Grey Book 1)	07-AUG-14	3	Hard to follow	I love the Outlander series, which is why I chose this book. The style was different in this book.  Required rereading paragraphs to pull it together.
Lord John and the Private Matter: A Novel (Lord John Grey Book 1)	08-AUG-14	5	As always Diane's book have so many twists and turns ...	As always Diane's book have so many twists and turns;this book was also quite a ride. I had intended to read it slowly, however I found myself picking it up time after time.
Shadowsinger: The Final Novel of The Spellsong Cycle	20-JUL-14	5	I like all of of the author's work	I like all of of the author's work, but feel since the price change went into effect that it is overpriced
Shadowsinger: The Final Novel of The Spellsong Cycle	26-JUL-14	3	A good read but then Modessitt always is.	A good read but then Modessitt always is.
To Ride Pegasus (The Talents Saga Book 1)	22-JUL-14	5	Another great written by a great!!!	Anne McCaffrey always entertains.  You can count on her to provide an enjoyable and believable science fiction work.  TO RIDE PEGASUS is such a book.  If you are new to science fiction, this is a great place to start.
To Ride Pegasus (The Talents Saga Book 1)	24-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Opens your mind to possibilities.
To Ride Pegasus (The Talents Saga Book 1)	06-AUG-14	5	This is How it Started?!!?	Is it all just a story. or could it be real? This book is a fascinating entry into the world of extra-sensory gifts. It lays the groundwork for ALL of the books in the 'Talent Saga', as well as the books in 'The Rowan' and the books that follow it. The book is so well written that you can get lost in its world. It leaves you hungry for more, and more. and even more!!
To Ride Pegasus (The Talents Saga Book 1)	12-AUG-14	5	If only...	Ms. McCaffrey creates world's in a way that makes you believe in them and in some cases wish you could live there. This could be a possibility for our own future and wouldn't it be wonderful.
Evening's Empire	23-JUL-14	5	Extremely beautiful and clear writing	Extremely beautiful and clear writing, and a very entrancing plot. I loved the small town interactions. However, I was disappointed in not getting to see the opera in this book, and can only hope to see it in a sequel.
Indomitable: A Short Novel from the Legends II Collection (Shannara)	18-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Terry Brooks never disappoints!
Indomitable: A Short Novel from the Legends II Collection (Shannara)	25-JUL-14	5	Nice little story	nice little story to show jair being a man and his own quest not tied to his sister and a discovery of his magic in a new way.
Indomitable: A Short Novel from the Legends II Collection (Shannara)	01-AUG-14	5	Another great story from Terry Brooks.	I just love his story-telling. The extra insight you get in this short story to the characters from the main story line is good.
Dragon's Kin (Pern Book 4)	01-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Nice to learn more about the watch wheres.
Dragon's Kin (Pern Book 4)	11-AUG-14	5	RAH, a Peek Behind the Curtain	Did you ever wonder where a science fiction get their inspiration from or how autobiographical their works are? You may find some answers here. Many questions answered and many questions raised. The author's primary sources are no more. We can all be grateful for what we have. I am sad the book left so much out.
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	08-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	great to see the original versions on the conan stories
The Mystery of Ireta: Dinosaur Planet & Dinosaur Planet Survivors	18-JUL-14	5	Most favorite author	One of my most favorite authors.  Trying to get all of her books in digital form instead of taking up cabinet space.
Mad Ship (Liveship Traders Trilogy)	08-AUG-14	3	Of sails and men	Overall, this is a good continuation from the first installment of the trilogy. Malta's character fully blossomed on this book along with that of Wintrow. All culminates with Tintiglia's liberation from its captivity. The story flows smoothly and the interest augments as the story develops. We'll see what the final installment brings forth. 
Mad Ship (Liveship Traders Trilogy)	13-AUG-14	5	It's a fun read!	This is the second book in the Liveship Traders Trilogy and is a very engaging story about, among other things, a young woman who goes to sea to gain what she needs to reclaim what she believes is her rightful inheritance. Other subplots involve the pirate who would be king of all pirates, the boy who is taken from his life in a monastery and forced into the harsh life of a sailor, the woman who has been charged with managing her family wealth only to see it slowly slip from her, the spunky granddaughter who is determined to be seen as a woman despite being thirteen, and the culture of Bingtown, liveships and sea serpents. And if you want to know what these are, read the book. It's a fun read!
Ship of Destiny (Liveship Traders Trilogy)	02-AUG-14	5	The best trilogy in the Realm Of The Elderlings series yet	The best trilogy in the Realm Of The Elderlings series yet.  Ship of Destiny contained a powerful conclusion to the trilogy.
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	21-JUL-14	5	Keep them guessing.	As always very engrossing. Love the way he intertwined other stories throughout the series. Stephen King is a true master!!!
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	24-JUL-14	2	I hope the next in the series (Song of Susannah) is a better read.	I started to call and ask for another book.  I hope the next in the series (Song of Susannah) is a better read.
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	26-JUL-14	5	Two thumbs up for this book!	Did not want to put it down. I am starting the last book in the series today. Not looking forward to ending this great adventure!
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	28-JUL-14	5	King at his best	Yet another favorite of mine in the GUNSLINGER series, this one takes us to a town plagued every twenty years of so by a band of wolves on horseback who come to steal one of every two children born since their last visit. The children are returned weeks later. with their minds gone, "ruined", as the folken of Calla Bryn Sturgis say.  Here, we also meet Father Callahan--remember him?  the priest from SALEM'S LOT. What's he doing in a small town in MidWorld. and how did he get there?  Read and find out!
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	02-AUG-14	5	I love Stephen King novels.	My favorite of the Dark Tower series.  Have read it multiple times.
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	02-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Roland's Ka-tet just keeps getting more compelling with each book!
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	04-AUG-14	4	I've read it before many years ago but it was ...	I've read it before many years ago but it was worth rereadingi it and relishing in the story telling abilities of Stephen King. It sure leaves with a cliffhanger. Luckily I had already purchased Book VI!!  If this is your firstt time reading the Dark Tower series I envy you.
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	04-AUG-14	4	Great read, lots of Easter Eggs	You have to read the books in order.  Do not skip ahead, that is crucial.  King has woven a wonderful story about infinite possibilities, inter-changing fact and fiction seamlessly in the series.  Thus book defines the main characters, introduces new players and keeps the reader involved, wanting to know more.  Nice tribute to JK Rowling as well.  The Dark Tower oily s not "traditional" King, but it is the best of King.  Well done!
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	05-AUG-14	5	Best of the 1st 5 Books of the Series	This book is a masterpiece in so many ways. It is one of Steven King's best books, and by far the best book of the first 5 books in this series. This book has everything one could want in a book, time-travel, time & space dilation, evil "wolves" who prey on twins-destroying the brain of 1, good guys who come to the aid of the children, a talking robot in a primitive land, split-personalities, a traitor, as always a range of different characters, a woman-pregnant with a demon child, star-crossed lovers, a quest to save all worlds, and a big cliff-hanger leading into book 6. Other than the epilogue, I can't imagine anything I would have changed in this book to make it better.. The book starts with the gunslinger & his party of 3 nearing the end of their journey to "Thunderclap", where they believe the Dark Tower and the future of all worlds lie. They are sought out by a party from a nearby town Calla Bryn Sturgis who seek their aid in protecting their children. Calla Bryn Sturgis is a subsistance level farming community, other than a walking/talking giant robot who will at times aid them in their physical work or in babysitting their children, and who warns them when the "wolves" are coming. For unknown reasons, almost all births in Calla Bryn Sturgis are of twins, and every few generations the town will be raided by unknown creatures wearing wolf masks who will kidnap one of every set of twins. The twins are then returned by train a few weeks later, but are severely brain-damaged. Efforts to hide the twins or fight the "wolves" in the past have been futile. Roland and group agree to help them. They also meet up with Father Callahan, a main character from another Steven King novel, 'Salem's Lot. We learn the history here, what happened to Father Callahan between the end of the book in Salem's Lot, and to when he ended up in Calla Bryn Sturgis. Father Callahan also has a present for them, Black 13 from the Wizard's Rainbow, which Roland believes can enable them totime/parallel world travel. Which will be definitely needed, because Roland and party have learned that the rose from previous books, located in NY is in great danger, none other then by Eddie's old drug boss, Ballazar. Roland also learns that Susannah is pregnant, and by all indications, the baby is from her encounter with the demon in Book 3, and not from Eddie. Unfortunately, nobody knows how long demon pregnancies last, so in addition to the intense work of figuring how to solve their 2 simultaneous problems of protecting the rose and the twins of Calla Bryn Sturgis, the group must also worry that Susannah will go into labor at an inopportune time. The storylines are thoughtfully interwoven, the ending unpredictable. The book was very hard to put down, as the story was so compelling.. Then, the epilogue. It's not that the epilogue was bad, it wasn't. But the epilogue was a set-up for book 6, and I fear from the tone of the epilogue, that Book 6 may be crossing into "jump the shark" territory. Still King very seldom disappoints, so I have hope that my initial thoughts on the epilogue are wrong, and Book 6 will turn out to be every bit as entrancing as Book 5.
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	05-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Best one so far
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	08-AUG-14	5	Yet another great book in The Dark Tower Series	Yet another great book in The Dark Tower Series. Only 2 more books and I will have read them all. I put off reading this series because I was afraid of losing interest but that didn't happen at all. Quick as I finish one I'm ordering the next in line. Can't express how much I have been enjoying these books. Hate it will be coming to an end soon. Love traveling with Roland and his friends. 
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	09-AUG-14	5	I really enjoyed it immensely	This book stands alone in the series. I really enjoyed it immensely.
The Dark Tower V (Wolves of the Calla)	13-AUG-14	5	Another Solid Entry in the Dark Tower Series	After the previous book in this series (Wizard and Glass) which is, for the most part, a flashback to Roland's past, Wolves of the Calla picks up with Roland's current quest and ka-tet again. Said quest, however, is almost immediately sidelined by the ka-tet's arrival at Calla Bryn Sturgis, a farming community where they become caught up in a Seven Samurai-style adventure to rescue the small town from the mysterious and terrifying "Wolves" who periodically show up to steal the town's children.. I have to admit that, at first, I was a bit wary that this book, like the previous Dark Tower novel appeared to be setting aside the overall story's main quest. While Wizard and Glass came as a bit of a reprieve from the driving momentum of The Drawing of the Three and The Waste Lands , I wasn't sure if yet another diversion from the quest for the Dark Tower wouldn't just start to feel like literary water-treading. And in the hands of a less gifted and imaginative writer, this would probably have been the case. Fortunately, however, King's world-building, character development, and solid story-telling skills give this book a lot of momentum independent of, but not totally disassociated from, the overall narrative arc of the series.. Like The Gunslinger and Wizard and Glass, Wolves of the Calla hews closely to the tropes of the Western, albeit a Western filtered through Mr. King's dark and rich imagination. Once again, the story focuses on an ensemble cast, giving us a chance to view King's dying world through the eyes of the various members of Roland's ka-tet, as well as through the eyes of Father Callahan, who by strange paths has found his way to Calla Bryn Sturgis from the world of Salem's Lot . Most satisfying in this regard, is the page space given to Jake Chambers, the ka-tet's youngest member who must struggle with the consequences of his loyalty to his ka-tet and its mission.. Wolves of the Calla is a fine continuation of the DarkTower series, and long-time readers are not likely to be disappointed. King's skills as a writer of horror-fiction are again put to good use as he gives us a story in which bad things are coming, but we find ourselves unable and unwilling to look away.
1901	28-JUL-14	3	Good effort, but poorly executed	An entertaining read, but predictable and full of historical errors- most of which could have been avoided with literally an afternoon's worth of internet research or a quick skim of a few books. Good effort, but poorly executed.
Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders Trilogy)	20-JUL-14	3	Very slow start introducing characters and setting. Recovers ok ...	Very slow start introducing characters and setting.  Recovers ok toward the end but not enough for me to purchase Book 2.
Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders Trilogy)	30-JUL-14	3	Of ships and pirates	The start of this trilogy represents a good effort that diminishes only in the comparison to that of the Assassin's trilogy. The characters  are interesting and well developed, the plot is intriguing but a bit predictable, and trip to fantasy land takes time to fully absorb you. Looking forward to the second installment of the trilogy.
Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders Trilogy)	08-AUG-14	5	Good fun read	Good story, lots of action. Some very sound bits of philosophy worked in. Interesting characters and situations.
The Boys Are Back in Town	25-JUL-14	4	Time travel and horror...what's not to love?	I would have given this book 5 stars, but I felt the ending was somewhat contrived. There are several other ways, in my opinion, that the story could have ended that would have been much more satisfying. I really can't say more than that without ruining an otherwise enjoyable read for everyone.
Seduced by Moonlight (Meredith Gentry, Book 3) (A Merry Gentry Novel)	14-JUL-14	5	Seduced by Moonlight is one of the best in the series	The Merry Gentry series is one that I've read over 5 times.  Seduced by Moonlight is one of the best in the series.  You get a little bit of both Courts (The Shining Seelie, and The Dark Unseelie).  You learn more about Merry's men, and you can see feeling blossoming between the characters.  There also is quite a development in Queen Andias' sadistic behavior, that is a little scary, and makes you wonder how anyone survived for as long as they did with the Unseelie.. I just wish the series would. "speed up" some.  In some books it can span a few months. in others its like 1 day.  At some point Ms. Hamilton is going to have to wrap things up, I just hope it doesn't take 23 books to do it.  Because I'm starting to need "more developments" to occur, instead of the static walking of the characters now.
Seduced by Moonlight (Meredith Gentry, Book 3) (A Merry Gentry Novel)	31-JUL-14	4	Pretty good	Man, what a feast for paranormal lovers. Princess Meredith is seriously pretty bad ass, and for anyone to think otherwise is just dumb.. I love the idea that is no longer a mere-mortal. hmm. wonder if the rumors are true!?! Seems so to me, but I think we all figured that was going to come to a head eventually anyway. right. right?. So, in Seduced by Midnight. we had lots of little power trips coming along, didn't we? Nicca, bless his little heart got a boost, as well as the yummy Frost. oh and of course the mysterious Doyle. can't forget the "tiny" demi-fey, Sage. poor poor exiled Maeve Reed, also got her powers back. hmmm. anyone else?? Oh yea, Bartinthus. oops, I forgot Kitto. I think that's all. oh this was within a few days! LOL. So Meredith is slightly possessed with the powers of Danu. hence the ability to bring sidhe into their powers and/or bring their powers back.. It was kind of a power trip. LOL. totally pun intended!. Merry and her men head back to Unseelie court for a few days full of events. Well the book ended only after day 1. And a mighty busy day that was! Which included, but not limited too, an additional handful of men to which she needs to bed (including Sholto!), a duel to the death, a blood rage spell on the Queen to which she slaughters most the guard, a wet reunion with Bartinthus (hehe), an assassination attempt on Merry, and even some possession tricks.. Very intense and in depth book. I may need to go back and re-read it to really get what the hell happened, lol!
Seduced by Moonlight (Meredith Gentry, Book 3) (A Merry Gentry Novel)	03-AUG-14	5	Politics and Magic Make Powerful and Dangerous Bedfellows	In the third installment of the Merry Gentry series, the steamy factor increases exponentially. The men and Merry are finding a good groove with each other and as the magic of the goddess returns to them more and more, the stakes increase.. In this book, we also see some of the side effects of what happened at the end of the last tale and what happens after someone unleashes the worst thing the modern faerie courts know. We see characters like Rhys grow in power and others, like Kitto, come into power they never knew possible.. There are also a lot of politics amidst the steamy scenes in this book. We get a lot more insight into goblin culture especially, and it is interesting to see how the factions are playing out there even as drama unfolds at the Unseelie court.. As our fond group returns to the sithen, more chaos plays out as the Queen's ring makes magic come alive and the Queen herself isn't always pleased. Along with the Goddess' magic, comes the magic of betrayal from others inside Andais's court.. The book adds to the depth of the series and we learn more about politics both inside the Unseelie court and elsewhere, and we also see hints of how strong Merry could become. Overall, it's a great addition to the series.
Fool's Fate: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 3	14-JUL-14	1	Dreadful, dreadful book!	What a dreadful book! It's the sixth in the series and although there are some good ideas in the earlier books this one just drags the story out way past the point it should finish. She spends the last third of the book laboriously tying up loose ends then tying them up again. And her explanatory, moralising style, which you can sort of put up with in earlier books when the story ideas are good just really grates. And what badly handled, clunky language! And as if that wasn't enough I hear she's writing yet another story with these characters.  like a dog going back to its vomit.
Fool's Fate: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 3	15-JUL-14	5	A+	best series I've read in a while, and its not evil.
Fool's Fate: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 3	30-JUL-14	5	What a great series of two trilogies!	When I finished this book, I just sat for a while and thought about all the loose threads the author had woven together from the first book of the first trilogy to the last book of this one. She did an amazing job of it!. I don't have any patience with foul language or wanton sex scenes. Robin has the ability of creating great stories without resorting to any of that stuff.. I know I'm going to dig into some more of her writing in the future. It's kinda like Lay's potato chips - "You can't eat just one!"
Fool's Fate: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 3	02-AUG-14	5	Astonishing	One of the best books I've ever read,,, even after the first two books ,she (the author) surpasses herself.,,,oh how I miss the fool
Fool's Fate: The Tawny Man Trilogy Book 3	05-AUG-14	5	Sad, joyous, an end that leaves one satisfied.	I generally prefer audio books, now that I have become accustomed to them.  This last book in the trilogy was not yet available on audible.com when I finished book 2. I'm glad I decided to read it, rather than wait.. The emotional ups and downs are frustrating but not unrealistic given the story. I get tired of angst for the sake of angst that permeates so many novels written of late.  It seems that self-loathing is a popular and permanent state of being for some heroes.  Fitz has his share of difficult times but it is plot driven. it is also balanced by humor and happier times.. The first book in the next trilogy is set to be released in a week.  I am eager to read more about these characters but I must say that this series has left me well satisfied and content. I may wait until all three are released before I purchase them.. Do yourself a favor and read this series after the Assassin's series. get them all, right now, and settle yourself in a comfy chair with a cup of tea and jump into this fascinating world!
American Gods	13-JUL-14	5	One of Gaiman's Best	The "what if ??? was true?" premise of this book is wonderful and wonderfully executed.  Gaiman is in top form.  Like some of his other books, his main character Shadow is on a journey and meets a whole slew of other characters that are interesting and well-done in their own right.  Gaiman traces the intersection of 50 other stories without a mistep.
American Gods	16-JUL-14	1	Forget American Gods	I did buy this book, from Barnes & Noble.  That was my first mistake.  American Gods is really one awful book.  I got up to page 190 and am now throwing in the towel.  Shadow is an interesting concept as is the book overall, but the writing is terribly disjointed.  Mr. Gaiman can turn a phrase, but overall it seems like he wrote the book while distracted with something else.  Not recommended.
American Gods	18-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Premise somewhat similar to Terry Pratchett's Small Gods although much darker. Very enjoyable.
American Gods	20-JUL-14	5	Gaiman's childish fantasy meets dark adult reality.	Definitely a longer  book as far as Gaiman's work goes, but it kept you guessing until the very end. The initial character progression seemed slow, but then quickly turned to the one-line plot changing sentences thrown at you in the end of a chapter that are all too familiar to Gaiman fans.. Likewise, the main character Shadow, while not necessarily the most relateable due to his initial desensitization for all of the actions going on around him, became a well developed character midway through the book.. If you are looking for a fantasy book that will make introduce a new concept of gods and their function in the American society full of plot twists and novel concepts be sure to pick up this book.
American Gods	21-JUL-14	3	Long and dragging story	it's an interesting concept for a book and the overall plot is good.  however, the book drags with all these irrelevant side stories.  I ended up skipping a lot of things.
American Gods	23-JUL-14	5	Now THIS is storytelling!	This was a wonderful and unique book that I never wanted to end. It's a reminder of the lingering power of words upon our imagination, despite the ever intruding presence of technology into our lives, that a good story can still capture our hopes and curiosity and claim our hours.
American Gods	25-JUL-14	3	Gaiman created a beautiful painting of a world in which to set a ...	Read Southern Gods by John Hornor Jacobs instead, it is superbly well crafted and deals with the same ideas.  Gaiman's idea was very interesting and he obviously did his homework in researching and creating the backstories and rules for how all these gods would interact in the modern world.  All this was interesting.  The rest of the story was kind of a let down and he wasn't able to execute the life-changing epiphany of the main character.  He spent much of the story explaining the main character's actions and motivations without making any real connection to him.  In the end, Gaiman created a beautiful painting of a world in which to set a story and then fell flat actually telling it.  I didn't care what happened next at any point of the book.  Save your time and read Southern Gods.  It is a masterpiece and tells the same story much better.
American Gods	01-AUG-14	4	right up until the end it's a wonderful experience living in the world he creates	Neil Gaiman's books always struggle to end well; the story just sort of stops going. Still, right up until the end it's a wonderful experience living in the world he creates, and American Gods is no exception. I only fault him for his ending; to me, a great story should close with a button-moment, and this book doesn't quite hit that mark.
American Gods	01-AUG-14	5	it's deep and brilliant and weird and compelling	I can't really say anything about this that hasn't been said by lots of other people: it's deep and brilliant and weird and compelling.  The worldbuild is fantastic, the characters pop, and it's just plain *good*.
American Gods	03-AUG-14	4	only to have him turn up again like a bad penny	American Gods follows Shadow on his journey.  It starts out with Shadow in prison, soon to be released.  On the eve of his release, he finds out his wife (Laura) has just died and that he's getting released early.  Shadow travels back home for his wife's funeral.  Along the way, he encounters Mr. Wednesday, who acts oddly and seems to know more about Shadow than he should.  Shadow tries to ditch Mr. Wednesday, only to have him turn up again like a bad penny.  It seems Mr. Wednesday wants to hire Shadow to work for him.  After several drinks of mead, Shadow agrees.  The work mostly entails driving Mr. Wednesday around, and, should he die, holding a vigil for him.  Slowly Shadow realizes there is more to Mr. Wednesday than he imagined.  Known by many other names, Odin is the most prominent, a God.  Odin and Shadow travel America searching out others to help them in the upcoming war.  Gods originally arrived in America via the belief of the people who traveled to America.  Over time, belief in Gods has wained and been replaced by technology and cultural fads.  Lack of belief weakens them and has caused many of the American Gods to lead a life of mere existence rather than the life enjoyed in their glory days.. This was an interesting read.  Not really like the other works I've read by Gaiman, but his stamp is still on it.  I liked coming to the realization of who the various Gods were as Shadow was drawing the same conclusions.  I must admit, I was slow on the uptake and didn't realize who one was until the very end (though this was as intended since that's when Shadow realizes it as well).  I think in the end, I was hoping for a bit more fantasy or supernatural elements, thus the 4 star rating instead of 5.  The supernatural elements were there (we are talking about Gods after all), but they were underplayed and supplemental versus the main focus.  The story really is about Shadow's journey.. Some good quotes:. "Every hour wounds.  The lastone kills.". "Shadow had heard too many people telling each other not to repress their feelings, to let their emotions out, let the pain go.  Shadow thought there was a lot to be said for bottling up emotions.  If you did it long enough and deep enough, he suspected, pretty soon you wouldn't feel anything at all.". ". a town isn't a town without a bookstore.  It may call itself a town, but unless it's got a bookstore, it knows it's not fooling a soul.". "Fiction allows us to slide into these other heads, these other places, and look out through other eyes.  And then in the tale we stop before we die, or we die vicariously and unharmed, and in the world beyond the tale we turn the page or close the book, and we resume our lives.". "You people talk about the living and the dead as if they were two mutually exclusive categories.  As if you can not have a river that is also a road, or a song that is also a color.". "He wondered whether home was a thing that happened to a place after a while, or if it was something that you found in the end, if you simply walked and waited and willed it long enough."
American Gods	13-AUG-14	4	Must buy	Good book. Refreshing storyline.
Arthur (Pendragon Cycle)	09-AUG-14	3	Three Stars	Ok, lagged at end.
Imajica	15-JUL-14	5	Great epic	If you are a Clive Barker fan, dont miss this one. Great epic tale
Journey into the Void (Sovereign Stone Trilogy)	06-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	All the books  are great.
Krondor: Tear of the Gods (Riftwar Legacy)	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Loved it to the very end! There is nothing I could say negative!
Krondor: Tear of the Gods (Riftwar Legacy)	30-JUL-14	4	Great read. hard to put this down	Great read.  hard to put this down.  entire Riftwar series is a must read
Krondor: Tear of the Gods (Riftwar Legacy)	07-AUG-14	4	fun read!	Plot moves well.  The characters are well drawn.  Some of the dialogue and interactions are a bit trite.. I'm ready for the next volume.
Merlin (Pendragon Cycle)	11-AUG-14	5	Excellent	This is my fifth time to read the Pendragon cycle. The books are still as enchanting as the first time.
Neverwhere	13-JUL-14	5	Read it again and again	Love, love, love. He creates such worlds to walk through. Gaiman is a true poet and this book is a genuine favorite.
Neverwhere	14-JUL-14	5	So delicious.	as always a delicious read I couldn't stop myself from.devouring like a bag of cookies. thank you again Mr Gaiman.
Neverwhere	17-JUL-14	5	Captivating	Really excellent story. Makes me want to read more from this author.
Neverwhere	17-JUL-14	5	Neil Gaiman is a wonderful story teller	Wow!  I had no idea what this book was about, but it immediately captured my interest.  Neil Gaiman is a wonderful story teller.  I look forward to reading more of his works.
Neverwhere	21-JUL-14	3	not a very deep book	The story was not very fluid but had a good overall theme. Good reading if you want something light. Full of adventure. The book kind of left me wondering about some of the characters. Death did not seem final. It's seems like their should be a part 2 that can tie up the lose ends and dive into what Door ends up doing with her Fathers legacy.
Neverwhere	21-JUL-14	5	Found another author I love!	My first read by this author. if you are not a fan of story lines with "other worlds", frightening situations, suspense,  and sometimes horrific happenings, this is not a book for you. if on the other hand, you are, like me, a reader who enjoys and appreciates a well written story, with all the characters leaping out of the pages to immerse you in their journeys. this is definitely a Must Read!  I am now well into another novel by Neil Gaiman, and look forward to the next one I choose!
Neverwhere	21-JUL-14	5	Another winner!	I love all of his books.  He is so creative with his characters and story line, it is like sitting down with a big bowl of popcorn, once you start you can't stop.  This is one of those books you want to savor every word, no skipping boring paragraphs here!
Neverwhere	22-JUL-14	4	Interesting premise. The story was captivating and well told ...	Interesting premise.  The story was captivating and well told,
Neverwhere	22-JUL-14	3	Not too impressed with this one	I read this book on a whim, and maybe I shouldn't have because it's not the genre I typically read, but I feel it's only fair that I still give my honest review of it.. I felt that the descriptions were at times overly done and things could have been described using fewer words to tighten the story up a bit and to make it a faster read, which brings me to my next issue.. It read slowly, and not because of the plot itself, but because of the way the book was written.. The storyline was okay, though it didn't totally convince me. Overall, I'm not impressed with this book.
Neverwhere	22-JUL-14	5	Best book. Ever. Seriously.	This is pretty much my all-time favorite book on the planet. Just purchasing electronically, so I can have it with me always. :-)
Neverwhere	22-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love Neil Gaiman :)
Neverwhere	23-JUL-14	4	Won't disappoint	In true Gaiman fashion, he weaves a tale that will trap you in it until the end. Only thing keeping it from being a five is his typical pace of a story. You get wrapped up learning the intricacies obis created world and then suddenly all is revealed and the book is over. Maybe this is selfishness and wanting the story to last longer. But certainly entertaining, eye opening and worth the read.
Neverwhere	23-JUL-14	3	Could have been excellent, but it was only ok.	Neil Gaiman's  Neverwhere takes the reader on a playful trip through a fantastical world that exists beneath our feet. I am not familiar with Gaiman's entire catalog, having only read American Gods and Neverwhere, but it was quite obvious to me that this was one of his earlier books. The concept behind the story and the possibilities it opened up initially violently grabbed my attention and and held it fast. However, as the story progressed, the flat characters, moments that were silly for the sake of being silly, and lazy writing dulled the edge of my interest. I feel like with another rewrite and a little more aggressive editing, this book could have been something special. In the end, though, the story was interesting enough to keep me reading, and I would be comfortable recommending the book to anyone interested in a unique blend of myth, light-hearted story telling, and urban fantasy.. The Bad:. 1. The writing itself in the book often struck me as lazy and sometimes amateurish. I came across multiple sentences that employed "had  had" as well as copious amounts of commas and the word and. If I recall correctly I came across a sentence when seven instances of the word and in it. While not really incorrect, these sentences could have easily been rewritten to look and read much cleaner. Additionally, some of his descriptions struck me as things that I would read while grading a high school creative writing assignment. "It had been like watching  Emma Peel, Bruce Lee, and a particularly vicious tornado, all rolled into one and sprinkled with a generous helping of a mongoose killing a king cobra.". 2. The characters were boring, cliche cookie cutter characters. Richard is your average bumbling hero, a la Arthur Dent. After him we have the magical teenage girl out to solve the murder of her family, the sexy and self confident badass hunter, and the witty rogue of questionable loyalty. The only characters in the book I reallyenjoyed were the two most present bad guys. They were comfortably evil and their general demeanors were quite amusing, unfortunately they were not enough to prop up the rest of the cast.. 3. The ending was painfully predictable  and the book finishes with little more than a whimper.. The Good:. 1. The setting for the story is quite interesting. Beneath some large cities, an "under city" exists, in this case, London Below. These under cities are filled with magical people who have fallen through the cracks of the city above and cease to exist there. All of the denizens of London Below have some kind of magical or supernatural ability, ranging from the mundane to the miraculous.. 2. The pacing and storytelling was done well enough that, despite the quirky grammar and run on sentences, I was able to immerse myself in the book. While the story was not immeasurably unique, and I was not left with a book hangover after I finished; I felt like reading Neverwhere was time well spent.. The Meh:. 1. Gaiman's Britishness is pretty prevalent in the book, and I tend not enjoy overly British things. This is not an exceptionally bad thing, but more of a personal taste. And I have to admit I feel a bit silly griping about it - the book is set in London after all.. Synopsis:. Richard Mayhew is just your average, slightly-bumbling guy. He's got a nagging fiance and a fairly run-of-the-mill existence. While on the way to an important dinner date one night, a filthy and bloody girl suddenly appears in the street before him and his fiance. Jessica demands they ignore the girl, but Richard simply can't. She refuses to go to the hospital so Richard cancels his date with Jessica and takes the girl to his apartment. The girl, known as Door, heals miraculously overnight, and shortly afterwards leaves Richards care, but just after she's gone Richard discovers that he doesn't seem to exist anymore.In order to reclaim his life he will have to set off into the bowels of London Below, where he will encounter Velvets, Sewer Folk, Rat Speakers, and even an Angel.
Neverwhere	23-JUL-14	2	Loved Loved Loved The Graveyard Book	Loved Loved Loved The Graveyard Book, but not Neverwhere. While it had an interesting premise, it was very difficult to care for these characters as they went through their various travails. I found it difficult to like or become invested in the characters.
Neverwhere	23-JUL-14	3	it's okay.	interesting read, a fantasy novel, good characters, several surprises.  If there is a follow up book i wouldn't want to read it, so i'd say this is an okay book.
Neverwhere	24-JUL-14	5	Unexpectedly Fun...	I wasn't sure what to expect when I picked up Neverwhere. I'd heard of Neil Gaiman but never read anything from him before. I was very happy I took the chance! The book is as unique as I've read, I thought the characters were great, the story was a lot of fun, and the writing was top notch. It's a adult story due to a bit of language. I'll be looking for more from this author for sure.
Neverwhere	25-JUL-14	5	Everywhere is Everywhere	I thoroughly enjoyed Neverwhere. Such wonderful characters and fantasy in a very non typical way. I highly recommend this book to anyone with a love for the imaginative.
Neverwhere	25-JUL-14	4	Time well spent	it was an interesting and well thought out book. fairly easy to relate and follow the characters in their journeys under London. very interesting and fun
Neverwhere	25-JUL-14	5	Feel something	Too short is my only greedy nudge. A story arc that just feels right and a story well told. Read it and feel something.
Neverwhere	27-JUL-14	5	A light and trippy tale	I enjoyed reading this.  Sometimes action and mystery.  Other times poetic and lyrical.  Only in a few places did things seem poorly written and then sometimes it made sense later.  Most likely it all made sense, but I'm not sharp enough to know it.  Sometimes I felt that this was written for a younger audience,then other times the story seemed rather adult (but not in a gross way).  Then I would realize that this is a fairy tale of sorts, and isn't that true for all fairy tales?  So this is a modern day fairy tale.  Bravo!
Neverwhere	27-JUL-14	1	In another time space and world	Not my type of book- all fantasy which never appeals
Neverwhere	28-JUL-14	4	Great quick summer read	I have read a few books by the author, and I enjoyed this one the most. I thought the storyline was interesting and the characters engaging.  Although the idea of a "London Below" is new- having visited London several times it was easy for me to imagine an alternate world of forgotten people. I love the characters Croup and Vandemar, wicked as they were.  A few f-bombs are present, so watch out for younger readers.
Neverwhere	28-JUL-14	4	It was fun reading it and I definitely don't regret time to ...	I reserve 5 stars for exceptional books, which was not the case -- but Neverwhere is highly entertaining, imaginative, playful. It was fun reading it and I definitely don't regret time to read it. The book is more a series of scenes; it does not have a strong internal structure. It feels as if a storyteller started a story, which then continued to live on its own.
Neverwhere	28-JUL-14	5	Typical Gaiman...awesome!	Another triumph by Neil Gaiman. This one is your typical adventure story of an unsuspecting subject getting pulled into a magical world. A lot of children's and teen fiction follow this formula, but Neil makes it work with adults splendidly. I have yet to find a book by him I haven't liked.
Neverwhere	30-JUL-14	5	Liked it from page one	Excellent read. Gets your attention at once and doesn't let up! Mind bending twist on London reality.
Neverwhere	31-JUL-14	4	Awesome!!!	It was an interresting book and the characters were amazing. I didn't want to put this book down. Loved it!
Neverwhere	01-AUG-14	5	a great escape	A truly wonderful read with rich characters and many strange places. This book rang true for me as I've often wondered about alternate realities. Wish there was a sequel.
Neverwhere	01-AUG-14	2	It tells a good history of London	This book was all over the place. A little too fiction for my liking. Borderline sci-fi. It tells a good history of London, but the story itself is just odd. A make believe world of killers, thieves, and scummy people. Quite disgusting at times. Just wasn't for me
Neverwhere	04-AUG-14	4	A lovely story with tons of fantastic details!	I loved this book! Neil Gaiman has yet to disappoint me. His storytelling is unique and blends seamlessly from reality to the fantastic. My only contention would be is that I believe this book would have made a better short story than a novel (which was its originally intended to be) because I feel the story wouldn't have lost much, if any, of it's charm and detail had it been left as a shortened version. Other than that, it's a great peek into the places where the mystical and spiritual meet the mundane. I consider it a worthy purchase and am glad to own so many of this wonderful author's books.
Neverwhere	04-AUG-14	5	love me my Neil Gaiman	Love his stories. You think they're going to be similar and there is pleasant familiarity but once I start a book- I can't stop
Neverwhere	05-AUG-14	5	Truly Unique, Fantastical Tale	Richard, the protagonist, leads a drull, boring and largely superficial life. So boring is his existence, in fact, that I struggled with the first 50 pages, which pretty much dedicate themselves to telling you all about. Sort of like that coworker who believes their absolutely mundane existence deserves a play by play accounting every Monday morning at 8am, the first pages of this novel can almost push a person away.. But that's not because "Neverwhere" gets off to a slow start. Rather, its because the reader absolutely needs to understand how mundane an existence Richard leads before the events of this tale. Because once things get going they never let up.. I want to tell you that Neverwhere is a modern day Alice in Wonderland. And conceptually, there is truth in that statement. But Neverwhere is also an utterly unique tale, with a world unlike any other. If you're looking for something truly fantastical, grab this tale. At times dark, at times uplifting and wholly fantastic in scope and setting, Neverwhere is. well, Never anywhere close to anything else you're likely to read.
Neverwhere	07-AUG-14	5	Awesome!	Neil Gaiman once again sucked me into a world of imagination and wonder that I couldn't break free from till I was done and even then I wished it wouldn't end. Thank you sir.
Neverwhere	08-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I couldn't stop reading!
Neverwhere	10-AUG-14	5	Wow. Just. Wow	I've heard of Gaiman's work and how good it was but after reading this book, I'm a fan! From the first page to the last sentence was just awesome and I recommend everyone pick this book up.
Neverwhere	11-AUG-14	5	Wonderful story. Enjoyed every moment	Wonderful story.  Enjoyed every moment.
Neverwhere	12-AUG-14	5	Loved it	Never read a book with villains this disturbing and funny. The characters are wonderful, unique, and colorful. Highly recommend this book.
Neverwhere	13-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	A Grimm's fairy tale somewhat upsetting and lacking in romance abeit gory and weird
Paladin of Souls (Chalion Book 2)	08-AUG-14	5	Time well spent	Wonderfully complex story, well drawn characters.  It helps to have read the first book but is not at all necessary.  Starts a little slowly but picks up pace and gallops to its ending.  The reader in the Audible version is excellent.
Stardust	15-JUL-14	3	ok but could have been better	I actually liked the movie better. I think this is the first book I have ever said that about. The story changes in the movie worked better than the original story. It was good, but a bit disappointing
Stardust	23-JUL-14	5	A Wonderful Journey	This is as beautiful a fairy tale as one could ask for. Kings, princesses, fantastic creatures and even more fantastic adventures, Neil Gaiman brings it all to life with simple and very effective prose. I would not criticize any aspect of this book with the possible exception of not hearing more about the travels in the end. Highly recommended.
Stardust	25-JUL-14	5	Beautiful.	This is one of my favorites.. I really like Gaiman and I love fairytales, so Stardust was a big thing in my life.. I could praise this book till tomorrow, but I sincerily think it speaks for itself. I loved it, and if you like fantasy, faeries, witches, murders, surpreises, mistery and a good story, you will like it too.. This is the kind of book that I look foward to share with my children one day.
Stardust	27-JUL-14	5	Great read	If you enjoy fantasy with witches and fairy lands to explore then this will not disappoint. Very easy to fall into the world the author creates!
Stardust	30-JUL-14	4	It was a good book. I had seen the movie first and ...	It was a good book.  I had seen the movie first and they weren't exactly the same.  But overall well written and worth reading!
Stardust	06-AUG-14	5	When you wish upon a star	Enjoyable tale about the world of men and faerie by Neil Gaiman.  It starts a year before the birth of the protagonist, Tristan Thorn, and by the end of the novel all the disparate threads of the prologue have been woven together in a satisfying ending.  Tristan is a young man in love with the prettiest girl in the village and one night he swears that he will do anything to obtain her hand, including traveling past the Wall into the land of faerie to retrieve a falling star for his sweetheart.  The village has posted men day and night to prevent the villagers from passing through a gap in the Wall and also to prevent anyone coming from faerie into the village.  The circumstance of Tristan's birth allows him to pass unmolested by the night watchmen and he is on his way to adventure.. On his journey, Tristan finds the star with the help of a strange little man but he also  encounters two witches, one murderous and one who is simply larcenous in nature, a bewitched woman in the guise of a bird, a noble unicorn who manages to save the Tristan and the star at great cost, and a pirate in a flying ship.  Tristan also uncovers the truth of his birth and how his true heritage is connected to a kingdom currently without a leader.. Gaiman has a nice flair for whimsy in his writing.  His descriptions of the surroundings and the many characters that populate the novel are superb, so much so that this reader had no trouble seeing in his mind what is happening in the novel.  What I enjoyed most was Gaiman's ability to use nursery rhymes and poems as plot devices and have the characters come to life in the novel.  For example, Gaiman quotes The Lion and The Unicorn to evoke the two beasts battling for the jeweled crown lying in the grass in a clearing.  Tristan manages to save the unicorn and in return the mystical beast assists Tristan and the star on their journey.. Lots of fun.  The reader won't be disappointed in this book.
Stardust	06-AUG-14	3	Stardust was a fun little read	Stardust was a fun little read.  It's the story of Tristran Thorn and his search for a fallen star.  He travels through Faerie to find the fallen star and bring it back to his love, Victoria, in his hometown of Wall.  Along the way, he discovers that things aren't always what they seem in Faerie.  It's a cute little story with a couple twists and turns.  It's not the best Gaiman work I've read, but it's fun and imaginative in its own right.
Stardust	07-AUG-14	5	Delightful :-)	This was a wonderful, imaginative piece of fantasy literature. I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and I was sad when it was over.
Stardust	13-AUG-14	3	About half of this book is really great. Fun	About half of this book is really great. Fun, riveting, page turning stuff. Then it just seemed trail-off. It's hard to believe that the person that wrote the first half is the same person that wrote the second half! It's like he gave up on developing a coherent and connected plot line. Still a fun read, but what's starts as a fantastic book finishes as just kind of meh. I watched the movie after and found it much more satisfying.
Taliesin (Pendragon Cycle)	19-JUL-14	3	Strong start, weak ending.	Great characters and story lines up to and including the Atlantean cataclysm. Lost its way after that in Britain, ending with a shallow death for Taliesin. Feels like this should have been two books to allow Taliesin more time to be as interesting and filled-out a character as Charis.
Taliesin (Pendragon Cycle)	13-AUG-14	5	Fantastic Read	I think that the book is spellbinding.  So good, in fact, that I have purchased Merlin, the next book in the series.
Talon of the Silver Hawk: 1 (Conclave of Shadows)	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Great read, and great series.
Well of Darkness (Sovereign Stone Trilogy)	13-JUL-14	5	and they didn't disappoint. The characters were great and helped to draw ...	Weis and Hickman's name is what drew me to this title, and they didn't disappoint. The characters were great and helped to draw you in the story and detail made you feel as if you were living the story
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	14-JUL-14	1	Not enjoyable.	A very hard book to read and follow.  I had purchased this book because it was supposed to be the basis for a musical.  I didn't see the musical but heard about it.  I  can't imagine how they ever could do it as such and keep everything straight.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	17-JUL-14	2	Kinda boring and crude	Not impressed. Dragged on and on with meaningless details to a plot that never seemed to pick up.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	17-JUL-14	5	Fantastic!	I decided to read this book after seeing "Wicked" on stage. I never cared much for the movie "The Wizard of Oz" but fell in love with the story of the witch. I love how I could really get a sense of how Elphaba was really a good person that was handed a cellulite. this book is fantastic!
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	18-JUL-14	1	Don't bother!! Horrible book. See the musical instead.	If I could give this book less than 1 star, I would. It was terrible!!  I read it because I love the music from the musical and wanted to see the broadway production. I finished this book the night before the show and thought, "Oh no, what did I buy tickets to see?"  It was hard to get into and harder to follow. It was full of political boringness - capital A Animals that talk, stand upright, and hold jobs and lowercase animals who live on farms and make animal sounds. Not to mention all the murder, adultery.   I applaud whoever took the rough ideas from this book and turned it into an amazing musical. The musical is not so political and doesn't have murder or adultery.  Skip the book.  Go see the fantastic musical!!
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	20-JUL-14	3	It was really interesting to look at this story from ...	It was really interesting to look at this story from my childhood from a different aspect. Very inventive. Takes a bit to get in to, though.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	21-JUL-14	5	A great story about the nature of evil	Last year I decided to re-read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and found that I was disappointed.  When I saw so many more current novels based on Baum's story, I wanted to see what was out there and if anything clicked for me as a reader.  The natural starting point was Wicked.  Almost everyone has either read this or seen the Broadway show.  I honestly went into it without expecting too much.  Boy, was I wrong.. I loved Wicked.  To be more precise, I loved Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West.  Maguire set out to tell her story since Dorothy received most of the spotlight in TWWOO.  We begin by learning of Elphaba's birth and her early years.  As Kermit says, "It isn't easy being green."  She is an outcast both in the community and in her family.  Elphaba isn't the most lovable creature but there is something about her that is special and it comes through the pages.. We follow her to boarding school in the larger city of Shiz where her assigned roommate is Galinda, a pretty, spoiled, blonde girl.  They strike up a tenuous and unlikely friendship.  Others (a motley crew) are part of their circle which is brought closer through different tragedies.  Nessarose, Elphaba's sister, is now attending the school along with her Nanny.  Nessa was born without arms and has other physical ailments so she is treated more gently and thoughtfully than Elphaba ever was.. As an adult, Elphaba continues to be an outcast.  Sometimes by choice.  Her relationships are complicated by the fact that she is a very black or white person and she cannot look the other way when she feels that something needs to be changed.  And, even as grown ups, we do continue to try to find love.  Elphaba hasn't had that from her family so that energy goes elsewhere.. Plus, she can't get over those stupid, shiny shoes that her father sent Nessa in school.. This is a story about politics, power, friendship, family, love and maybe a little evil.  It is a thinking persons fantasy novel.  The wizard, cowardly lion, scarecrow, tin man and munchkins are all here in one form or another.. One question continued to go through my head while reading - what is evil?  Is it the abuse of power by taking away basic rights from other living creatures?  Is it magicking an ax to cut off someone's arm so that you can get something that you want?  What about using sorcery to try to force others to do your bidding?  If so, it's not Elphaba who is evil.  These acts are attributable to others.. Or, maybe there really is no evil.  There are just people who don't have evil souls but end up going down a path that leads to destruction.. Elphaba speaks to the outcast in me, the one who is different from so many others and has a hard time trusting and making friends.  For about 90% of the book I was 100% on her side.  But, then she made a few really bad decisions and lost me a little.  I wish that the author had allowed her to continue with her true self through the very end.  It might not have tied a bow on the story quite so easily but we spent 350 pages with the real Elphaba.  I wanted to see her through and didn't get that opportunity.. Other than a somewhat disappointing ending, this was one of my favorite reads this year.  4.5/5 stars.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	22-JUL-14	2	Two Stars	It is a very slow moving book. I'm not proud to say it.  but I stopped about halfway through.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	24-JUL-14	1	Too much graphic sex	Not at all what I expected.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	24-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	A very interesting read, and different perspective on the Wicked Witch of the West.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	26-JUL-14	2	Not recommended	Tried to read this for my book club, but did not enjoy it at all.
Wicked: Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)	09-AUG-14	5	Things in Oz aren't the way you thought	A deliciously different retelling of the Wizard of Oz story.  You'll never see Dorothy the same way again.  Our wicked witch is a real person with a life and story and not just a plot element for Dorothy to throw water at.  Well, you'll just have to read it for yourself and decide.
Red Limit Freeway	22-JUL-14	5	its a great series!	read this every couple of years. its a great series!
Angel Fire East (Pre-Shannara: Word and Void)	18-JUL-14	4	Ongoing praise for this continuing saga - another must read ...	Ongoing praise for this continuing saga - another must read from Terry Brooks. Hope to read the entire series and working on it now.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	13-JUL-14	5	Good, good	This book did drag a bit for me and certainly took me longer to get through than the first book did.  that being said I love the additions to the pov cast. Davos was a very intriguing character. I also rather enjoy the development of both Bran and Arya.. it's really hard to review such an epic book in part of an epic series.  I love the detail and depth and how much is given to even the side characters in way of character depth. I can't wait to read more.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	14-JUL-14	5	Awesome read! Very descriptive and great character development	Wow! Awesome read! Very descriptive and great character development!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	15-JUL-14	5	Even richer story than the first volume	I really enjoyed the first volume, but this second volume really does take off and create an even more engrossing story than the first.  Hard to put it down, but I did have to eat and sleep.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	15-JUL-14	5	Bk2 Clash of Kings does not disappoint!  A must read!	Another great book.  Continues the series and maintains the same high quality and riveting writing.  I keep looking for the levels of writing, storytelling and drama to drop-off but Martin definitely has his story well in hand and knows where he is going.  Excellent for true fans but a very enjoyable book for those unfamiliar with the series.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	15-JUL-14	4	be smart and read the series.	just read the whole series you'll thank me. doom and gloom and a bunch of killings
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love this series of Books.  Better the second time around
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	16-JUL-14	4	Good	Very well written. Good entertainment
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	16-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Book is very well written and I have loved the story thus far.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	16-JUL-14	5	great read!	Different from the series but I enjoy them both! Check it out and get a copy of The World of Hek while you're at it.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	17-JUL-14	5	The "Game of Thrones" series is the best read I have had in a while	The "Game of Thrones" series is the best read I have had in a while.  I am really enjoying the series.  I just finished "A Clash of Kings" and am working on the third book now.  Bravo!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	17-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	Not as good as the 1st book in the series.  Not sure I will finish this one.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	18-JUL-14	4	If you've already seen the show it takes away from the book	I already saw the show so it did take away from the book. This book seemed to lull more than the last but once again I did see the this part of the show before I read this book. That could have attributed to it. If you haven't seen the show, read the book.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Great book, as always.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	19-JUL-14	1	Too hard to follow	Too many characters.  One could never figure out which tribe is which.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	19-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Can't get enough of this series. 
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	19-JUL-14	5	2nd time though	I was never much of a fiction reader.  This work fascinates me and leaves me yearning for more.  Hurry up and write George!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	20-JUL-14	5	Epic Fantasy Wonder	You simply get more and more hooked into the story and lore of the series as you progress. Though there are a lot of food descriptions. You might work up an appetite in the process.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	20-JUL-14	5	best fantasy series ever?	best fantasy series ever?
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	21-JUL-14	5	Another great book in this series	I am enjoying the books more than the movies. The writing allows you to be drawn in as if you are there experiencing what the characters are. There really isn't anything I do not like about this book. Enjoy
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	21-JUL-14	5	already watch series, but still enjoyed	I have already watched the series, but I enjoyed reading some more back story and see how the books differ. Great books even though the detail of some scenes can get a bit too long.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	22-JUL-14	5	Why not?	It's game of thrones. Read the books and build intellect
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	22-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Still reading and I love getting more insight to the characters
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	22-JUL-14	4	... not finished the book but so far it is great.	Have not finished the book but so far it is great.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	23-JUL-14	5	Great series! Lost twists and turns	Great series!  Lost twists and turns.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Great read, wonderful true depiction of men and their quest for power, and how it affects the world.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	23-JUL-14	5	I love the HBO series	I love the HBO series, and the books give so much more info and back story that was really important to the story line.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	23-JUL-14	4	so so long, and beautiful	It's a big one, but worth it. Four stats instead of five, because towards the end it's a bit tedious.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	24-JUL-14	4	Good story line	Very imaginative and somewhat based on history.  Too many characters introduced, but once you get used to the primary ones, you can forget about all the secondary ones, otherwise it gets confusing.  Good story line, and easy to get to like a few key characters
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	25-JUL-14	4	Great read.	I have really enjoyed these books and look forward to reading the third installment. I highly recommend these. The show is great but the books are much better.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	26-JUL-14	5	This is a great book. It's well written towards the adult reader	This is a great book. It's well written towards the adult reader. I would recommend to anyone that like a more realistic feeling science fiction
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	27-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	definitely lives up to tradition of Game of Thrones
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	27-JUL-14	5	A Great Series	I thoroughly enjoyed "A Clash of Kings".  I admit to being hooked on the whole saga of "A Song of Ice and Fire" since starting to watch HBO's "Game of Thrones".  Now I can't wait to read the rest of the books in the series.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	27-JUL-14	5	A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire:Book Two	Great read. However, this book has me torn from so much evil. It's just sad that there was so much sorrow and death. The good guys always seem to come up short.  I thought until I got to the end. Without giving a spoiler, now I'm confused.  Was it a dream Bran had, or is it real. I guess will find out in book 3 because the suspense is killing me!!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	28-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Great series,,,,,,,Many, many characters to remember.  Can get confusing but really looking forward to book three.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	28-JUL-14	5	Must read	Amazing.  Thrilling.  Captivating.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	28-JUL-14	5	I'm pretty sure I'll keep going through all five books	I'm on the third book of this series, Storm of Swords, and have still not tired of this story.  Martin's style is engaging, and gives a vivid picture of the times and cultures of this story.  You really should start with Book 1:  Game of Thrones, to be able to keep up with characters and subplots.  This book, Clash of Kings, has an appendix at the end that helps keep the characters straight, which is very helpful with so many and so much going on.  I'm pretty sure I'll keep going through all five books, which is really unusual for me.. Jim Handy, Dallas
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	29-JUL-14	5	Wow what a	Wow  what a story
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	29-JUL-14	5	LOVE!	Amazing book series! I am absolutely hooked. It's very graphic and sexual but the story itself is phenomenal. George R.R. Martin is a genius!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I need the sixth book to be completed.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	30-JUL-14	5	Excellent!	A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire is excellent, hard to put down and I found it interesting to read after I had seen the TV show.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	31-JUL-14	5	Detailed and fast moving	Excellent story with well thought out characters.  Interesting scenarios with multiple plots neatly interweaving.  The book is exciting and a real afterburner.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	31-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Good book but somewhat over long and hard to keep track of characters.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	31-JUL-14	5	All good, but this is the best of the series	By now you know the characters and know the style of Martin's writing. The second book of the series moves the plot well without getting bogged down in the details and the development of the characters as the later books do. Grab this book and enjoy the expansive world of "A Song of Ice and Fire."
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	01-AUG-14	4	It's a bit annoying that the table of content only list the chapter ...	It's a bit annoying that the table of content only list the chapter by their number, it would be good if they had the number plus the character, e.g. Chapter 15: Jon .  but anyway, the book is amazing.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	01-AUG-14	5	Great	Amazing book and a very fun read and winter is coming as the Starks always say can't wait to read the next one
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	02-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	As good as the HBO series!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	03-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Awesome!!!  Keep them coming. 
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	03-AUG-14	5	This will be a classic.	A wonderful story that draws you into many different story lines, but will hold your attention throughout. Cannot wait to read the next one!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	03-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I enjoyed the battle and I really like Tyrion, great character.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	04-AUG-14	5	Can't Stop Reading!!!!	Fantastic!!!  I couldn't order Book 3 fast enough and now involved in it. These books are fascinating!!!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	04-AUG-14	5	As good as Game of Thrones	Great. Better than the HBO series!!! Love the format of each chapter. Different character for each chapter.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	04-AUG-14	4	Easy Read	This is an easy reading book with a lot of drama and good characterization. A little hard to follow at times because there are so many different families and places but it certainly keeps your interest!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	05-AUG-14	5	It was amazing! Incredible story and easy to read	It was amazing! Incredible story and easy to read. I would totally recommend it for weekend reading. Can't wait to read the next book.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	05-AUG-14	5	Hesitantly leaving the rock now	Where have I been? This book was amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Worth the purchase.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	05-AUG-14	5	unbelievable	The story twists and turns in the most unexpected ways. Your emotions are on an intense roller coaster ride. Kings against kings. Lannisters against Starks. What will happen next is anyone's guess. All I know is that I can't stop reading. It's my current obsession. I need to know what is going to happen to the Stark children especially Bran and Aary. Incredible writing, after I read the books I want to watch the series.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	06-AUG-14	5	Must read this next!	Riveting continuation of the Game of Thrones series.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	07-AUG-14	5	Too many kings	I can't wait to start the next book. I love the way the story is told through the main characters. There is mystery and suspense which is essential to my enjoyment.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	07-AUG-14	5	Very good book series	Very good book series. I could not put this book down. I immediately started book 3. Very suspenseful. Do not fall in love with many of these charachters though. A lot of great people die!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	08-AUG-14	5	Great Series	I love this series.  Now I need to get the next book.  Very gripping and addictive.  I love this series.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	08-AUG-14	5	except for a few missing unnecessary parts. The characters are more thoroughly explained in ...	The book is fascinating and the series follows it very well, except for a few missing unnecessary parts.  The characters are more thoroughly explained in the books so the series becomes clearer.  I truly enjoy reading these books!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	09-AUG-14	5	ANOTHER GAME OF THRONES HIT	WONDERFUL EXCITING CAN'T PUT DOWN READING. GEORGE MARTIN IS AN EXPERT WITH HANDLING MANY CHARACTERS AND MANY INTERTWINING PLOTS WITHOUT CONFUSING THE HECK OUT OF THE READER
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	10-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Love, love, love me some Game of Thrones.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	10-AUG-14	5	Very good, over all	Still engrossing.  Some surprises.  You pick your favorites, but sometimes you're even rooting for the "bad guys". Very good, over all.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	11-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Excellent read, lots of twist and turns
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	11-AUG-14	5	A+	I loved the book and am.continuing on with the series. filler word,filler word, filler word, filler word, filler word, hodor.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	11-AUG-14	5	Get this book RIGHT NOW	This book was absolutely amazing. Can't wait to start on the next book within the series.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	11-AUG-14	4	solid read	Easy flow and story keeps moving.  Like the hobbit trilogy, booths gets somewhere and gets nowhere at the same time.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	11-AUG-14	3	Slow	Loved the first book, this one almost ended my attempts to read the series, but I am told that the third book is excellent so I continue on.. This book seemed like a lot of setup and not enough resolution. I kept waiting for them to get on with it.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	11-AUG-14	5	just as good as the first	This one is a great continuation of the Song of Ice and Fire series, the book and the show start to differ more so in this book than the first.
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	13-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	love, love, love it!
A Clash of Kings: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Two	13-AUG-14	5	good book	Easy to picture, but it's a lot to take in, the world of GOT is gigantic and elaborate and he presents it in a full and rich manner.
A Gift of Dragons (Pern)	21-JUL-14	5	Wonderful series. I just love people with the creativity ...	Wonderful series. I just love people with the creativity to create entire worlds--and Anne Mccaffrey is one of the best at it! Kudos to all her books. Now, having said that, when are the books about Mennolly going kindle?
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	14-JUL-14	5	My favorite Urban Fantasy series	I've read the entire series more than once and without a doubt this is the strangest, most far-out-there, truly bizarre of all the urban fantasy and paranormal series I read. That's the beauty of it, totally weird and I don't even care because of the way it's written. I get so immersed in the story and characters that everything that happens seems legit. Have sexual relationships with a large amount of faerie men? Of course I want to, seems like what has to be done. Does it matter if one of those faerie men has tentacles coming out of him? Of course it doesn't. I love and adore the tentacled man because of Hamilton's writing. I'm not a big fan of the Anita Blake novels, but for me the Merry Gentry series can do no wrong. These aren't for the prudish or unimaginative but I LOVE these books. I may actually shed a tear when she stops writing them.
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	21-JUL-14	5	Great!	Great book. Love the way she writes and keeps me reading, not wanting to put it down!
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	31-JUL-14	5	Great start to a different series	I finally picked up the first book in the Merry Gentry series! Man, I feel like I've been putting it off for SO long!. I recently was at J.R. Ward's book signing for 'The King' and I met few great people there. Not only did we talk and discuss all things J.R. Ward, but we really talked up Laurell K. Hamilton as well! I admitted that I hadn't yet read the Merry Gentry series and you should have seen the looks I was given! Eeps. so I got with the program and just finished reading A Kiss of Shadows.. I knew this was going to be a great read, primarily because I absolutely love Laurell K. Hamilton. I love her books, I love her Facebook updates, and I just love her mind!. Ok, so here is my breakdown!. Merry has been on the run for three years. She's a mere mortal in the world of the sidhe though she recently has come into her own powers. With many people trying trying to kill her because of her half human blood, she decided to try and run away from her royalty titles and future.. Three years, that really is a blink of an eye in the immortal world. But that's just how long she lasted before she was finally found.. After heading back to the faerie world, Merry has realized that the queen wants something from her, and surprisingly it's not her death! She finally meets up with her aunt, the queen, after many attempts to thwart the rendezvous, and she is taken aback at what it is exactly the queen is requesting of Merry.. Sex and humor are not missing in this fantastic read! I love all the characters we've met and I can't wait to read on! If the Anita Blake series was anything to go by, then these books are just going to get better and better!
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	02-AUG-14	5	I Really like the Merry Gentry Series	I Really like the Merry Gentry Series, I have re-read all of the books and enjoyed them the second time!!
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	03-AUG-14	5	A Stepping Stone to Magic and Adventure	In anticipation of the release of "Shiver of Light", I decided to reread the entire Merry Gentry series because I love the series and I also needed a refresher course on some of the details.. The first in the series sets the stage well. We meet Merry and we start to meet the band of men who will become so important in her life, but we also realize that this fae princess is a bit more than fluff. Her life has definitely not been easy and yet she's made her way in the world with grace and style.. As the beginning of the series, the book stands out as a great foundation, but it is also a story that stands on its own which I love about Hamilton's writing most of the time.. I love her descriptions of faerie and I love how there are hints of what is to come in the future. I love that Queen Andais still makes me shiver despite having read the series at least three times.. There is magic here and it is not just in faerie but also in the writing. We meet Merry and we meet her friends in LA. We follow her on a case that is certainly dangerous and could have repercussions far beyond the obvious. We see how Merry interacts with police and get a feel for how that might change in the future once everyone knows who she is again.. It's a great place to start and I love it as much now as I did the first time I read it, though I will offer the caveat that if you're squeamish about sex scenes, the Merry Gentry series is DEFINITELY not for you.
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	06-AUG-14	3	Not a finished story	Good:. The book is really well written and super-fast to read. The characters are interesting, and the whole "magical environment" is creative. Also, I like how the "magic world" blends well with the "real world".. Bad:. Too many sex scenes that were only there for the purpose of having them there instead of moving the story along. It was ok at first, but to me it got old really fast. Also, I the whole book is set up as part one of a longer story, with a lot of time spend on introducing characters and starting story lines. I know that there are 7 or 8 additional books and I in general don't mind series, but I had hoped that each book is a finished story - and this book is definitely not.. Summary:. Although I liked the book, I won't read more of this series. I don't want to commit to additional 7 or so books just to find out what's going to happen, especially with the fear that the writing style gets repetitive and thus boring. Too bad.
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	08-AUG-14	2	Meh	This main character is not that interesting and while the plot could be, Hamilton seems to breeze through the parts with potential. What comes out is a confused repetitive narrative lacking true characterization and sharp writing.
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	09-AUG-14	5	Beautiful Series!	Awesome series to read while waiting for the next Anita Blake novel! Worth reading and leaves you wanting more just like the Anita Blake series
A Kiss of Shadows (A Merry Gentry Novel Book 1)	13-AUG-14	4	why did I wait so long to read this series?	I really enjoyed it! I loved the faerie/magic parts and I look forward to reading other books in the series.
The Mists of Avalon	19-JUL-14	5	Read this book years ago and am glad that I can get it on my kindle since ...	Read this book years ago and am glad that I can get it on my kindle since it is so big it takes up too much room.
The Mists of Avalon	02-AUG-14	5	The Mists of Avalon is my all time favorite book.	This is my third time reading this book within the last 10 years. The Mists of Avalon is my all time favorite book.
The Skies of Pern	20-JUL-14	5	Wonderful fall back book	It is a wonderful story, one I read over and over again. Now I can listen to it, love it love it
Sputnik Sweetheart	03-AUG-14	5	High marks for leaving this reader baffled.	High marks for leaving this reader baffled.. Sputnik Sweetheart by Haruki Murakami. Of the many books I have come to learn to love to hate this one takes me to the highest level of that dichotomy.. This book has a lot going for it and just as much going against it and many times the things that make it so frustrating are the very same things that make it so good.. The writer chose a style that may have deliberately been designed to do much of this or may have just naturally settled into it. Now see how frustrating this is getting.. It's a first person story that seems to favor telling. Both of those limit the author quite a bit unless they are quite clever. And there is no doubt in my mind that Haruki Murakami is quite clever when it comes to style but there is enough ambiquity in this psychological thriller to create a weariness about which parts are planned and which parts just worked out that way because of style choices.. That alone could say much about the author though it also might say much about the confusion of the reader at this point.. The story has three central characters; the narrator who is in love with one of the other central characters and then that character who in turn is in love with the third character. It's a love triangle that has the added twist that the second love is a lesbian love and possibly unrequited love. The first love is also unrequited. But the confusing part about these loves is that all the characters sound the same and are only differentiated by what the narrator tells us about each character including himself. Because the reader has been pushed back to a distance by the narrative style there is really no connection to the characters. But this is a story about disaffected characters who all seem to isolate themselves from others and have issues with expressing their desires which is why they sound the same.. In either a twisted way or a clever way the writing style reinforces the disaffection by creating that mood with the reader. The reader doesn't necessarily empathize but rather is drawn into the mood of the characters by the selected mode of writing. As the reader is drawn deeper into the story and the suspenseful events of the story the distance becomes greater because we have the characters questioning the reality of their own lives until one of them vanishes as if up in smoke.. In the end the reader is left with a conundrum because the reader must decide what is reality based on the outcome which reads, at best, as a puzzle that we see from the outside with very little involvement with the characters either at the end or in the whole of the story.. At some point the reader could easily draw some wrong conclusions but never quite be sure if they are wrong because of the writing style or wrong because that's how the writing style was used to steer us; in which case then perhaps the conclusions are correct.. Just the fact that the three characters read the same in many ways could make one wonder if these three are not all the same person and their interrelationship and disaffection through unrequited love is the strand that is trying to hold three parts of the same person together after some sort of fracture. Because throughout; the three are never together at any time, and when two are together there are few others around of consequence to validate the existence of each being separate from the other. And that the narrator eventually feels drawn somehow to the third person upon meeting her despite his obsession with the other woman, would seem to support this theory.. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a great seemingly unsolvable puzzle. And a story where the parts are revealed to the reader as they are revealed to the characters with the same hope of resolution to both.. I give this book high marks for its cleverness; despite the possibility it might not all have been planned..  J.L. Dobias
The Talisman	14-JUL-14	5	A gift that was enjoyed	A gift for my son, he enjoyed it very much as he does all Stephen Kings books.  Good price!
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	16-JUL-14	3	Least favorite in the series so far...	I've loved the dark tower saga, until this book. This book in the series is just all over the place and doesn't seem to really go anywhere. The weird jumps between disjointed bits of the story once the tet is separated is off putting, especially along side the weird meet-up with Stephen King himself with the (fictional?) diary of his past and how the DT series was conjured from his mind.. I'm just so confused at this point and knowing only one book remains worries me a bit. Please Mr. King don't let me down.
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	17-JUL-14	5	A 5 Star Series	Second time read for me, the whole series can stand on its own.
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	24-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Another excellent book in the fascinating series.
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	28-JUL-14	5	A MUST for King fans	You can't read the first book of the Gunslinger books and NOT hurry to read the next. I've read them all. three or four times, now. However, SONG OF SUSANNAH is one of my favorites.  Susannah, a survivor or multiple personality disorder, develops yet another personality (with a little help resulting from having been raped by a demon--and being impregnated by said demon), becoming Mia, "The Mother".  Determined to bring her demonic baby into the world, she travels to New York and aligns with the Low Men to deliver her child as her alter ego, Susannah watches, knowing the demon child's ultimate goal is to kill Roland. I heartily advise every reader to read the books in order!
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	06-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	4th time I have read it I still love it
Fortress in the Eye of Time	17-JUL-14	5	One of my favorite authors and series	Love her writing and particularly love this concept.  Tristan's wonder at the world is contagious.  I have this in paperback (even though I've discarded most of them - can't seem to let go of this series).  It's been quite a few years since I've read them and decided it was time.  The only problem is that I don't get a lot done - they are too engrossing.
Fortress of Eagles	30-JUL-14	4	Excellent.	Excellent book, I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
Fortress of Owls	30-JUL-14	4	Great	For a mid-series novel, this was a wonderful book to read.
Fortress of Dragons	24-JUL-14	5	Fortress is a Great series of books	I like CJ Cherryh's books and have read the entire series.  She tacked on one more book in this series but I wasn't a fan of it.  On the other hand, the books that preceded this one - Fortress in the Eye of Time, Fortress of Owls, Fortress of Eagles and this one are great and I highly recommend them.
Iron Council	05-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Fantastic, disturbing, confusing, gross, glorious!
Year's Best Fantasy	21-JUL-14	4	Mostly good stories	Some of the stories were just "OK," some were a little better, and some were disappointing.
The Mad King [with Biographical Introduction]	02-AUG-14	3	a good story but was rushed at the end	a good story but was rushed at the end.
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	22-JUL-14	5	My favorite book of all time.	This book marks the  ending of the DT series, and is definitely one of my favorite books of all time. If you have gotten this far in the series, your definitely  going to want to read this book.
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	23-JUL-14	5	Looking for a good support group! (LOL)	I started over from book one, page one as soon as i heard about the upcoming release of this book. Six months later here i am. Done and trying to cope with the loss of my ka tet. They accompanied me to bed each night and filled my imagination like only a true constant reader. Thank you for everything Mr. King!. Life, Love, all of it, everyday, smell the roses, feel every minute.. It is all about the journey.. Lisa Wilson, Clancy,MT. 38 y/o "King addict" since 1995. And DAMN proud of it!
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	23-JUL-14	5	A fantastic story as told by King	A fantastic story as told by King. I am reading the last story ( Wind through the Keyhole) now. I've enjoyed each and every volume in the series. It's amazing that he maintained the continuity of the story line over all the years he took to write the story. Yet he left enough spaces in the time line for additional stories as fillers. Yes, I grew up on western paperbacks and enjoyed them very much and the Gunslinger series carries on the tradition very nicely. Say Thankye.
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	02-AUG-14	5	Not disappointed	I love the entire series and have read multiple times.
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	13-AUG-14	5	loved every word!	Perfect ending to an amazing series!
Fevre Dream	19-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	NOT AS GOOD AS THE 'GAME OF THRONES" SERIES, BUT HELD MY INTEREST THRU OUT THE BOOK.
Fevre Dream	20-JUL-14	2	Reads like an adaptation of Rice's Interview with a Vampire	Reads like an adaptation of Rice's Interview with a Vampire.  Good try, but the level of modeling after the Master of modern Vampire novels is very annoying.
Fevre Dream	29-JUL-14	4	good	Pretty good story line, I enjoyed reading it but a lot of battles seemed a bit repetitive all throughout the book
Fevre Dream	01-AUG-14	5	Mesmerizing. I couldn't put it down.	Mesmerizing.  I couldn't put it down.
Fevre Dream	05-AUG-14	5	Not typical vampire fiction	This book is not your usual horror fare. Don't get me wrong: I love horror. I read other genres as well. This one is, in my opinion, dark fiction, not horror. If you are looking for terror, "Fevre Dream" probably won't fill that bill for you. Don't let that put you off, though. This book is rich, multi-layered, full of beautifully-drawn characters.. The vampire characters are not stereotypical. Some are dominant, arrogant, powerful. Others are weak, whiny, vacillating. The riverboat folk are all strongly written. You can really root for Marsh and York to win-- over their enemies and over their own natures.. I have to say that the epilogue brought a little lump to my throat -- and I didn't expect that at all.. I loved this book.
Fevre Dream	05-AUG-14	2	second half of book and ending was good.	Took forever for anything to happen. second half of book and ending was good.
Fevre Dream	06-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I liked that one of the main characters was quite a normal person.
Fevre Dream	10-AUG-14	4	I am thoroughly spoiled by Song of Ice and Fire ...	I am thoroughly spoiled by Song of Ice and Fire series, so I can't get too excited about this, although it is a very different take on the vampire story. The characters are engaging, the setting (riverboats?! hmmmm) full of potential for the characters, but the pace is somewhat awkward and certainly slow.
Industrial Magic (Women of the Otherworld, Book 4) (An Otherworld Novel)	18-JUL-14	4	I can't call it brilliant literature but I have to admit I do find ...	I can't call it brilliant literature but I have to admit I do find the novels a fun easy read.
Industrial Magic (Women of the Otherworld, Book 4) (An Otherworld Novel)	21-JUL-14	2	Two Stars	I thought it was very poorly written.  It by no means measures up to the quality of "Bitten".
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	13-JUL-14	5	together again	It was a thrilling novel, with courage and love shown by its characters. A very good read. I look forward to the next book in the series.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	13-JUL-14	5	Breathtaking!	Seriously not a slow moment in the entire book!  I had planned to stop reading after this book. I just bought book 4!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	13-JUL-14	5	It's a wonderful story.	Diana makes the characters come to life. It's a wonderful story.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	14-JUL-14	5	I admit it. I'm hooked on this series. ...	I admit it. I'm hooked on this series. I travel with Claire and Jamie Fraser through history. I'm the voyager.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	14-JUL-14	5	I love the outlander series	I love the outlander series.  I can not put the books down once I've started reading them.  The first book is an incredible love story and you follow the family in the following stories.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	15-JUL-14	5	Enjoy!!	if you are not hooked after Voyager this series of books is not for you. Diana keeps the story line exciting from beginning to end, this book is almost impossible to out down. Enjoy!!!!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	15-JUL-14	5	and now to the fourth	This is amazing. I can't stop reading. At this rate, I will never accomplish anything. I read the other reviews with cynicism, but I am off to purchase the next installment.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	15-JUL-14	5	An adventure	Absolute love this series.  Always an adventure. Love Jaime & Claire. Love fergus - everyone
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Each book gets better and better.  I've read them all.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	17-JUL-14	5	Excellent	Another book in her series of love and life in Scotland in the mid 1700's.  Excellent, well written, and a totally great read. 
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	17-JUL-14	4	... the first three books in this series and absolutely love them! I can't wait to get into book ...	I have blown threw the first three books in this series and absolutely love them! I can't wait to get into book 4!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	17-JUL-14	5	couldn't put it down	I was somewhat disappointed with the 2nd book of this series, as I felt it did not beckon me to read it as the 1st book. But I am pleasantly surprised that this book was as good as the 1st, beckoning me to continue during my waking hours and causing me to lose much of my sleeping hours! Now I can't wait to find what life throws at Jamie & Claire in the 4th installment. I simply feel in love with the characters in the 1st book and continue to do so. The best series I have eve read!!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	17-JUL-14	4	Will Claire Randall leave her daughter to return to Jamie Fraiser?	Claire Randall after digging into research in present day Scottland finds Jami Fraiser. A political pamphlet printed by Alexander Malcom Edenboro was the key documentation that led to his discovery.  Clair now the widow of Frank Randall, returns to Boston and decides that now that she knows where Jamie is she must walk through the stone and go to him. Roger Wakefield falls in  love with with  Claire's daughter Brianna Ellen Randall , and promises that he will take of her .  With the help of Roger  and encouragement from her Brianna;, twenty years after her return from 18th century Scottland pregnant with her daughters, Claire enters the stone at Iverness once again to find Jamie her true love. Follow Claire and Jamie from their reunion in Edenboro on further adventures into the Caribbean  and beyond.. If you fell in love with this couple in the books, The Outlander, and The Dragonfly in Amber, you simply must keep reading about them in The Voyager. How can you not think of reading on into Jamie and Claire Frasier's lives? Each book is as good as the first one.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	17-JUL-14	5	a very good read	Exciting and surprising twists and turns to the Clair and Jamie epic adventure. What a pleasant tale of love and devotion in spite of hardship.. I look forward to following their adventures in the next book!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	18-JUL-14	4	Read up and enjoy	This book is full of adventure and the characters you fell in love with. There were some slow parts but overall a good read
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	18-JUL-14	5	Lots of action! This series really keeps the reader ...	Lots of action!  This series really keeps the reader entertained.  I can't wait to read the next book in the series.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	19-JUL-14	5	Riveting	I love her style, witty and compelling.  Her characters are people you want to know better.  Can hardly wait to see what comes next.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	19-JUL-14	4	Excellent plot and engaging story - the only reason I ...	Excellent plot and engaging story - the only reason I didn't give it a 5, is it seems to drag a bit at times.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	19-JUL-14	3	Adventure over the top.	This is one adventure after another. Loved the previous book but feel this one was over the top with one life threatening event after the other. Clair is able to be rescued or rescue more than a marine.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	20-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Great read . a bit slow in parts but still a gripping adventure.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	21-JUL-14	5	Voyager (Outlander)	Thoroughly enjoyed this sequel to the first book and cant wait to read the next one. Recommended for a rainy day!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	21-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	The third book in the "Outlander" series was the most enjoyable read so far.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	21-JUL-14	5	it is just as good as the first	I am re-reading the series, it is just as good as the first time
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	22-JUL-14	5	What a great story. The characters are rich	What a great story. The characters are rich, conversation interesting, and the plot is exciting and romantic. Give me more!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	22-JUL-14	5	great	This is my second reading, I read it sometime in the 1990's. Wonderful stories, took a lot of research.
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Best series of books ever!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	my favorite in the series!!
Voyager (Outlander Book 3)	24-JUL-14	4	I think the extensive details of the love-making was unnecessary, but that's just me	This is the third in the Outlander Series, and I couldn't put it down.  The comparisons of life in 1750s to the 1960s were startling. I think the extensive details of the love-making was unnecessary, but that's just me.