Product	Date_Posted	Star_Rating	Title	Review_Text
Cuddl Duds Medallion Lace Camisole - Misses, Womens	04-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Very pretty and comfortable but offers no support what-so-ever. Will enjoy lounging at home, but would not wear out!
Cuddl Duds Medallion Lace Camisole - Misses, Womens	11-AUG-14	5	I like cuddl duds and have worn them for years especially ...	I like cuddl duds and have worn them for years especially in the winter.  I first purchased at our local store but they are much less expensive on the net.
Velrose Comfort Strap Camisole	14-JUL-14	2	too small	I bought two sizes bigger but it still road up, didn't stay tucked.
UltraSofts by National UltraSofts Button-Front Knit Cardigan	28-JUL-14	5	Pretty color.	I bought this for my mom along with another similar one.  She is about 5'2 and this fit her nicely, unlike the other one which was too long.  The color was a very pretty and flattering emerald color.
UltraSofts by National Women's Turtleneck Full Sleeve Top	21-JUL-14	3	Baggy and shapeless	Baggy and shapeless. Medium size was too large even after washing.
UltraSofts by National Women's Mock Turtleneck	28-JUL-14	4	boxy shape as you might guess	soft base for winter layering
Full Tilt Women's Essential Seamless Cami	18-JUL-14	5	Perfect layering cami - great value	I ordered the seamless cami in 11 or 12 colors so far. Originally I looked at it as a cheaper alternative to Skinnytees. if you buy 4 at a time there is no shipping (from Tilly) or much cheaper shipping (7th Sole) making these around $9-10 each to Skinnytees $20-24 each. These fit great. I am a size 14, 5'5" and I can pull them down past my hips. the fabric is good quality and offers light smoothing. I love the adjustable straps! I am probably going to end up with every color!
Port & Company Ladies Long Sleeve Value Denim Shirt LSP10	14-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	Not the best quality, not I can ware it.
Port & Company Ladies Long Sleeve Value Denim Shirt LSP10	06-AUG-14	5	it is a very comfortable denim shirt	it is a very comfortable denim shirt; however, I'm glad I ordered it in the next size.  If I had ordered the shirts in the size I normally purchase, it would have been way too small.
Port & Company Ladies Short Sleeve Value Denim Shirt LSP11	17-JUL-14	1	GOOD QUALITY BUT...	The fit in the bust, waist was fine. But the arms, will it just about cuts off the circulation. I don't understand that. Why is the fit good everywhere else, but tight, tight, tight armholes???????. It was good quality, I will say that. I'm not sure if I ordered the next size up, if that would help. I still think the arms would be too tight
Port & Company Ladies Short Sleeve Value Denim Shirt LSP11	04-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Good quality fabric, comfortable fit, love it!
Port & Company Ladies Short Sleeve Value Denim Shirt LSP11	13-AUG-14	4	Runs Small	Really Small so had to send back.
Fornia Women's Seamless Summer Tube Top	23-JUL-14	5	It did the job.	I love the product, and it fit my 40DD breast size.  I just wish if it were just a little bit bigger, but since it's going to be worn underneath clothes it doesn't really make a difference to me.  I'm using it to help hold down a strapless bra and the combination of both worked the best.
Fornia Women's Seamless Summer Tube Top	11-AUG-14	4	TUBE TOP -  TURQUOISE	I was hesitant on buying any tube tops at my age and weight. I was pleasantly surprised that the top did fit, and I liked the color. I wear it a lot under tops that bare the chest a little too much, and under button down shirts.
Fornia Women's Seamless Summer Tube Top	13-AUG-14	1	it unraveled	it un raveled the first week i had it
RJC Womens XS to Plus 3X Jungle Parrot Camp Shirt	24-JUL-14	3	Love the Colors and Patterns	I loved the colors and patterns in this camp shirt, but the sizes run very small! This surprised me since most clothing from Hawaii actually runs large. I was very disappointed that I needed to return the shirt.
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	15-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	Feels great I will buy more
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	18-JUL-14	4	dry clean	I LOVE the feel of this shirt and it is beautiful.  I would've given it 5 stars for sure but I wish I'd known it has to be dry-cleaned.  This is one of those shirts that immediately becomes your favorite and THEN it gets ruined in the wash.
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	20-JUL-14	2	Lovely fabric and style.	I error end in ordering too large for my frame.
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	23-JUL-14	5	I love my shirt	I love my shirt.  GotApparel is very good to work with.  I received my order in 4 days.. I will certainly be buying again from GotApparel again soon.
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	29-JUL-14	5	nice drap	Nice drap. Used sreamer to remove wrinkles.
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	03-AUG-14	5	Looks Great	This is a great shirt at a great price. It bounces back after washing and looks very good.
Tri-Mountain Women's Catalina Camp Shirt	12-AUG-14	5	Small like size 8	I wear a 6 or 8 usually. I'm 5'3", 120 lbs. Shoulders are sometimes too tight for me in size 6. The small fits perfectly. The cut is loose but that's what I wanted.  Love the drape of the fabric, the price and the colors.
Folter's Red Sleeveless Corset with Black Ribbon Lace	16-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Very cute, a little smaller than expected
Folter's Red Sleeveless Corset with Black Ribbon Lace	17-JUL-14	5	Great! I loved it!	I absolutely loved this shirt! it fits comfortably, and its sexy! The only thing i would have to say is .  When you wash it.  i know it may be a pain to do everytime, but take the ribbon out and wash it without it. Washing it with the ribbon it will snag and get mixed in and tangled with other clothes lol
Folter's Red Sleeveless Corset with Black Ribbon Lace	13-AUG-14	2	Very different from the pictures it just plain shirt and ...	Very different from the pictures it just plain shirt and there is no zipper in the bottom,. but it is beautiful
Van Heusen 59850 Ladies' Short-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	18-JUL-14	4	Great shirt	It's a great shirt. Not too thin, but also not too heavy. It fits nicely, and it looks good. I'd buy it again.
Van Heusen 59850 Ladies' Short-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	19-JUL-14	5	Nice work shirt for food service	launders nice. fits true to size.
Van Heusen 59850 Ladies' Short-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	24-JUL-14	5	Great Quality	Very nice shirt that washes up nice. (I use the delicate cycle). Fits well.
Van Heusen 59850 Ladies' Short-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	30-JUL-14	4	nice shirt	easy care, nice clot
Van Heusen 59850 Ladies' Short-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	08-AUG-14	5	My new work shirts!	I never write reviews, but I had to today. I ordered one of these shirts last week to wear to work. Washed and dried- no iron needed. The shirt fit great and was comfortable and surprisingly cool all day long, despite the thick material. I love the cut- it doesn't pull or gap at the chest like so many oxfords do.  I decided to order 4 more. The order was delivered the next day!!! The shirts were perfect as before. Love these!
Women's River's End Long - sleeve Denim Shirt	27-JUL-14	3	I probably would have liked the shirt if it fit but it was a ...	I probably would have liked the shirt if it fit but it was a dress on me. I ordered a small and I'm 5'2" for reference, also the cuff on the sleeve is kind of small when the button is done. If you're a medium a small would probably fit you.
Women's River's End Long - sleeve Denim Shirt	12-AUG-14	5	Good product in every way	Just what I wanted. Good product in every way.
Ecoland Women Organic Tank	02-AUG-14	3	Have nicer ones at target	Organic or not. if it isn't soft and comfy, I'm not going to wear it often.
Ecoland Women Organic Tank	12-AUG-14	5	WONDERFUL FABRIC	This is so soft and comfortable, yet shapely. Great alone or as an under layer. Love the cream color.
	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Great quality.  I completely satisfied
Port Authority - Ladies Short Sleeve Easy Care, Soil Resistant Shirt. L508	01-AUG-14	5	I love this shirt and it isn't a tailored fit but ...	I love this shirt and it isn't a tailored fit but it is a nice fit so its good.  I bought one in blue the same size that is slightly more fitted and that is a bummer.  Wish it were more consistent but the colors and style of the shirt are nice.
Ultraclub 8990 UC Ladies Oxford Shirt	17-JUL-14	5	great fit !	The x small fit perfect thank goodness ! Even the sleeves were where I needed them .
Ultraclub 8990 UC Ladies Oxford Shirt	05-AUG-14	4	Well Made - Will Last Over Time	I bought the XL - this one surprised me because it was a hair too large.  It's well made, seems to have all the buttons sewn carefully in place and best of all ------ it's iron free!  Yeah!  It's a good cotton inexpensive Oxford shirt that I bet will be in my wardrobe in rotation a couple of years from now.  You can't ask any more from a shirt.
Ultraclub 8990 UC Ladies Oxford Shirt	11-AUG-14	5	Well made, wrinkles and packing folds wash right out.	I think the sizing issue is my own fault. I am going to order more in some of the colors and will step down one size. Nevertheless, I can still wear this. These are very well made, washed up just fine and all wrinkles and folds gone after the first washing.
Ultraclub 8990 UC Ladies Oxford Shirt	12-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Great summer weight shirt!
UltraClub Women's Classic Wrinkle-Free Short-Sleeve Oxford 8973-White-S	30-JUL-14	3	Not exactly what I was looking for.	No pocket.  Strange material.
UltraClub Men's Whisper Twill Short Sleeve Shirt	16-JUL-14	5	Nice shirt	Nice shirt and fits well
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	14-JUL-14	5	nice shirt	I have purchased devon and jones before I like there fit and style and the price is right.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	14-JUL-14	2	Wrinkles!!!	I washed this once on delicate and hung to dry.  It still wrinkled as though I'd wadded it up to dry!  I don't want to iron shirts, so into the Goodwill bag it went.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	15-JUL-14	5	Could have gone down one size	But the white poplin blouse is just what I expected in fabric and cut, very nice, feminine.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	16-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Just what I wanted.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	19-JUL-14	4	Wrong Color	I like the shirt but received the wrong color
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	19-JUL-14	5	My Wife Loves It!	Great Quality - Nice Fit - She says it's comfortable and she loves it
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	21-JUL-14	3	fits like a boxy petite...short-waisted, but not overly slim	I am 5'5"  with an average length torso and smallish bust and this was too short for me. Quality of the fabric and stitch was high for the price-
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	21-JUL-14	3	Small for a Large	For the large size, it is cut almost too small.  If it shrinks when I wash it, I don't think it will fit.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	24-JUL-14	5	Great choice	Great material. I wore it today for the first time and i got so many compliments at work. I am 5'3 145 pounds and I got a medium -pink.. It felt just a little lose when I first tried it but today, when I wore it for work, it was just perfect. The pink color (wild geranium) is very nice.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	24-JUL-14	1	Way too big!	The sizes are misleading. I am a medium (7) so I naturall chose size medium, but the blouse is way too large (12-14 large). Totally misled.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	24-JUL-14	2	Runs too large	The shirt quality and fabric is very decent, but as soon as I put it on, it was hanging off me! I ordered a medium as I am typically a size 8-10, 5'6 and usually need a little more room around the bust but this was simply too big. Even the sleeves had way too much room - at least 1.5-2inches!. Also, I was expecting a slightly fitted blouse, but this really didn't have very many darts in it to be considered fitted. In any case, I shall be returning it.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	25-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Nice fit and quality
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	27-JUL-14	3	Devon and Jones White Blouse	This blouse ran rather large for me.  I was disappointed in the quality of the fabric.  I washed it and dried it and it was quite wrinkled and hard to iron.  It was also too sheer for me to wear without something under it.  I will try another brand I guess.  The price was good however.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	28-JUL-14	5	This is a very comfortable shirt	I love the sleeve length. Today, it's hard to find true quarter length sleeves. This has a very crisp shirt and easy to maintain. I will be buying from this company again.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Awesome Fit. very comfortable love the 3/4 sleeve.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	30-JUL-14	5	I really like the blouse	I really like the blouse.  I don't usually buy clothes. every often online, but definitely  would consider buying from. this company again.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	31-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	Good quality well made but a little too small and I usually don't get my size wrong.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	01-AUG-14	4	I need to get other colors!	4 stars because the "wrists" of the sleeves are sown in to stay folded up. I wish they would come down so i can properly iron them. I like the crisp white color and the fit was perfect. I especially like wearing this shirt with a navy colored skirt i have. I would recommend this for work.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	01-AUG-14	2	Nice fit if you're 6' tall	I had high hopes for these shirts.  I'm average height for a woman, about 5' 7", and the shirts fit beautifully, very true to size, but they are VERY long.  I would consider this more a tunic than a blouse.  I sadly returned it.  The material, colors and overall fit were outstanding, but they are seriously about 6" longer than any other blouse in my wardrobe.  I guess if you needed to wear these always tucked in (and who really does that anymore?) they'd be just fine, but if you're planning to wear it out, be warned about the length.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	05-AUG-14	1	Very disappointed. I ordered a large	Very disappointed.  I ordered a large.  When I pulled it out of the bag I knew I would not be able to put it on and button it.  That is exactly what happened.  This shirt must be a size large in juniors.  It sure isn't a large in women.  I will be returning it for a full refund.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	11-AUG-14	5	Wonderful fit	Beautiful shirts, great fit and my daughter looked amazing this morning on her first day of her Jr. year.
Devon & Jones Ladies' Three-Quarter-Sleeve Stretch Poplin Blouse - WHITE - S	12-AUG-14	4	Great shirts	I would recommend these shirts but I would highly recommend anyone to up a size. they seem to make all of these shirt types a little smaller. They are really pretty and look really nice. Good material . I like the stretch to them. i use weight and my arms have built up so my shirts fit but were a little tight because of my arms. I have bought other shirts like these and no matter where you you purchase them they are all smaller then your size . My advise to anyone is to up a size. I would recommend them.
Ladies' Long Sleeve Millennium Twill Shirt	31-JUL-14	5	"Fantastic value"	Fantastic value love this shirt goes great with a pair of jeans very comfortable nice fabric will reorder as many as possible the price is the deal of a lifetime!!!
Ladies' Long Sleeve Millennium Twill Shirt	07-AUG-14	3	Otherwise the quality is fine.	It is a bit too big for me.  I've had to take in the sides to give it some shape.  Otherwise the quality is fine.
Hey Viv ! 50's Fashions: Peter Pan Blouse - Adult Size XS to 2X	25-JUL-14	5	Hey Viv! It's fabulous!	I bought this shirt to use for a 50's program we sometimes do at the preschool I teach at. Fits large just like the other reviews said so order accordingly. I did not have a problem with it being too thin, by the time the scarf was on and it was tucked into my circle skirt with a belt, it was fine. Love the other things I got from this vendor also, I just didn't get them on Amazon.
Hey Viv ! 50's Fashions: Peter Pan Blouse - Adult Size XS to 2X	27-JUL-14	5	I like it	Looks like school uniform, very cute
Hey Viv ! 50's Fashions: Peter Pan Blouse - Adult Size XS to 2X	31-JUL-14	5	Perfect! Pay attention to reviews for sizing!	Definitely order a size or 2 down from what you normally wear! This shirt is great! The customer service was prompt and helped me with my order quickly, and i was able to get the size changed before my order shipped out. I usually wear an XL but in this shirt a medium fits me perfectly! (5'10", 220 pounds, 38 DD bra) It shipped to me within days, and i received it waaaay before the expected delivery date! I will definitely be buying again and recommending this shirt to others!
Hey Viv ! 50's Fashions: Peter Pan Blouse - Adult Size XS to 2X	02-AUG-14	3	LOVE	LOVE LOVE LOVE this shirt. I have a number of them all alike, I am so happy I found them being sold on amazon (others from a thrift shop). It first great!
Hey Viv ! 50's Fashions: Peter Pan Blouse - Adult Size XS to 2X	04-AUG-14	3	Ordered for someone - they were okay with it	Ordered for someone else - are okay with it
Hey Viv ! 50's Fashions: Peter Pan Blouse - Adult Size XS to 2X	05-AUG-14	1	was a school uniform shirt	Shirt was a basic school uniform shirt poor quality. It did not have the tucked style that fits a women's curves, it was very blocky and big.
Stylish Top with Peek-A-Boo Keyhole from Hot Fash Tops - KRISTEN Yellow	13-JUL-14	5	im happy with it and it came on time	this shirt was made to last. im happy with it and it came on time
Sexy Lowcut Club Ruched Bodice Halter Top from Hot Fash Tops - KENNI Fuchsia	07-AUG-14	3	nice color, poor construction	Its snug but i am big busted also, reason for 3 start is because it has a seam that wasn't stitched under the left breast cup about 1/2in.
Authentic Pigment Womens 5.6 Oz. Pigment-Dyed & Direct-Dyed Ringspun Tank Top	08-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	It was both large and dirty when it came in. 
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	14-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love this top! Its SO soft and fits like a glove
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	16-JUL-14	1	One Star	One size does NOT fit all.
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	16-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Great quality. Very snug. Perfect for layering.
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	21-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love these tank tops - fit well and aren't short like many of the others.
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	25-JUL-14	5	Great tank	I like this tank so well that I have ordered other colors. It fits very tight and is great for layering but it is still comfortable and not to hot.  I would recommend it
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	28-JUL-14	2	Very tight	This tank is cute but very very tight. Definitely runs small.
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	29-JUL-14	3	I should have taken to heart other reviews. Unless ...	I should have taken to heart other reviews. Unless your petite, this will be VERY snug and exceptionally hot too.
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	29-JUL-14	5	Great for everyday wear	I am the type of girl who wears a cami under almost everything.  I read on a fashion blog about how great these tanks are, and I thought I would try one.  It fits exactly as the blogger describes.  It keeps everything held in without being a compression/shaping-type garment, and the tops I wear over it don't cling to it or to me.  It is a nice smooth base layer. I am back on Amazon to buy more colors because I like the secure feeling of having one of these on during my work day.  Don't expect this to be a workout tank or something you wear on its own. It definitely goes under something else.
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	07-AUG-14	2	TOO THIN and TRANSPARENT!	These are very thin and see through.  I bought this bc I thought it was made from fabric with a little thickness to it so that you don't see my bra in one color and my skin in another under the shirt!  totally unsatisfactory in my book!
Sugarlips Seamless Rib Tank Tops	11-AUG-14	2	Seamless tank top	It was a great color.  I wear a 4-6 and it was like spanx.  I will probably only use it under a shirt or to go to the gym.  I was disappointed with the sizing.
Soffe Junior Tie Dye Boy-Beater Tanks 3000	25-JUL-14	5	Comfortable & Tight	I'm 5 feet, slim/petite, hour glass/curvy, and my bust size/cup is 29E. This fit perfectly --> slim, tight, comfortable, and soft. I would wear this whenever. :)
V0527 Van Heusen Ladies' 3/4-Sleeve Dress Twill - White - S	24-JUL-14	5	Van Heusen Womens Dress Twill White Shirt.	Very good when you need a white shirt in the winter time.  It stands up well under sweaters and vests; always looks like it just came fresh from the laundry.
Tri-Mountain Women's Santorini Camp Shirt	18-JUL-14	4	dry clean	I LOVE the feel of this shirt and it is beautiful.  I would've given it 5 stars for sure but I wish I'd known it has to be dry-cleaned.  This is one of those shirts that immediately becomes your favorite and THEN it gets ruined in the wash.
Womens Vee Crop Top Undershirt Camisole: Maximum Sweat-Proof Armpit Pads	19-JUL-14	5	Fantastic. LOVE these	I LOVE these tops, life changing for me. for those who have this problem then you will know the pains and accommodations we make in clothing, no more!  Wearing these allows me to wear ANY color of tight tee-shirt and be confident no marks will show even on the hottest, most humid day.  OMG, LOVE them.  Two minor comments, minor as compared to the bigger picture its nothing.  Seem on front can make it look like you have a sports bra on and in shorter sleeved tee-shirts sometimes to cloth on the under side of the arm (pad) can be seen.  Fine in black color, looks a tad odd on the white but still very easy to fix.  A million stars from me!
Womens Vee Crop Top Undershirt Camisole: Maximum Sweat-Proof Armpit Pads	10-AUG-14	5	No more pit stains! Totally worth it	Everything about this undershirt is as described. I would totally order again. The only thing that kind of bugs me is when I wear it under my uniform at work, (cotton Polo) there's a lot of lines you can see through the shirt. I don't know exactly how that could possibly be fixed though; and I definitely prefer this to the sweat stains I had before.
Bay Studio Solid Wide Strap Shelf Bra Tank Top	13-AUG-14	4	I like the shelf Bras	I like the shelf Bras. very much.  However, they were too small sent them back and ordered an Xlarge.  You shud have gotten them by now and I was hoping my new ones were on there way too me.
eVogues Sexy RED O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Plus Size Top	17-JUL-14	1	One Star	I want a refund on this item. I was very displeased.  Quality is that of a Dot's item.
eVogues Sexy RED O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Plus Size Top	06-AUG-14	4	Does not fit my bust well with the added jewelry ...	Does not fit my bust well with the added jewelry, but I simply modified the top and it's still lovely.
American Apparel Rib Racerback Tank	10-AUG-14	4	The tank itself is wonderful - good color and feel	The tank itself is wonderful - good color and feel; it's just about an inch or two too short for me to land the 5 star rating. Otherwise it's great. American Apparel's clothes are all really nice and they're a great company to order from - very courteous and prompt.
American Apparel Sheer Jersey Racerback Tank	29-JUL-14	3	Slightly weak, bit big	It's nice and fairly soft, but a bit weak/thin in the material and kinda big (the neck does way way down on me)
Hollywood Star Fashion Women's Long Sleeve V-Neck Tee Tank Top Shirt	31-JUL-14	3	Sleeves too short	Sleeves are too short; they come above the wrist (and I am not a tall woman at all), and is not snug or long as it appears. Makes a person look stumpy
Hollywood Star Fashion Women's Long Sleeve V-Neck Tee Tank Top Shirt	12-AUG-14	3	Cotton too thick, doesn't fit nicely	Didn't love this. The cotton was too thick for my personal taste, and it didn't hug the right areas. More of a straight shape than a fitted shape.
Bella Ladies Mini Rib Longer Length Tank Top. B8780	17-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Arrived on time,  and was very cute on
Bella Ladies Mini Rib Longer Length Tank Top. B8780	01-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Fits nicely, soft material, very nice.
Foxcroft Wrinkle Free Solid Shirt, Classic Fit, Black, Misses Sizes 4-18	14-JUL-14	5	I absolutely LOVE Foxcroft shirts	I absolutely LOVE Foxcroft shirts!  They really are wrinkle free.  I already have this shirt but it is wearing out so I ordered this new one.  I wear it with jeans and big earrings - just comfortable and fun.  You can do anything with a black shirt!  Prompt delivery - no complaints!
Foxcroft Wrinkle Free Solid Shirt, Classic Fit, Pink, Misses Sizes 4-18	20-JUL-14	5	These are wonderful shirts. Easy to launder and travel with because ...	These are wonderful shirts.  Easy to launder and travel with because it is so wrinkle free.
Ladies' Bahama Cord Camp Shirt - SAND - S Ladies' Bahama Cord Camp Shirt	14-JUL-14	5	Fits good	This is a good looking short sleeve shirt that can be worn untucked.
Ladies' Bahama Cord Camp Shirt - SAND - S Ladies' Bahama Cord Camp Shirt	09-AUG-14	2	I did not like the quality of this shirt	I did not like the quality of this shirt.  I was really hoping that the color was the cool "taupey" color I saw on my computer but it came as a really "yellowy beige".  The material was coarser than I thought it would be.  I am still waiting for my refund.  However the company was great about my return and the reasons and gave me a pre-paid return label.
Harriton M560W Ladies Barbados Textured Camp Shirt	16-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Quality material - well worth the money.
Harriton M560W Ladies Barbados Textured Camp Shirt	21-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Looks great, fits great.
Harriton M560W Ladies Barbados Textured Camp Shirt	27-JUL-14	5	LOVE IT	Beautiful shirt but had to return it because it was roo big.
Foxcroft Wrinkle Free Short Sleeve Camp Shirt, Shaped Fit, Women's Sizes 14W-24W	21-JUL-14	5	Great quality shirt that fits great	Great quality shirt that fits great.  It's nice to be able to your arms without being to tight across the back.
Foxcroft Wrinkle Free Short Sleeve Camp Shirt, Shaped Fit, Women's Sizes 14W-24W	11-AUG-14	5	I LOVE these shirts	I LOVE these shirts.  They are practically all I  wear because of their quality and easy care.  They come out of the dryer looking crisp, just like my mother used to do my shirts when I was a little girl -- all starched and ironed.
Foxcroft Wrinkle Free Short Sleeve Camp Shirt, Shaped Fit, Women's Sizes 14W-24W	21-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Foxcroft shirts are the BEST. that's all I buy anymore !!
eVogues Plus Size Sexy RED Black Lace Corset Top	13-JUL-14	3	Love the look of the blouse except I can't wear it	This shirt is to short and I don't like my stomach to show.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy RED Black Lace Corset Top	14-JUL-14	5	Beautiful color and material.	I love this shirt, though it is a little large.  It's very comfortable and looks great on.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy RED Black Lace Corset Top	19-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Not crazy about the material, but the shirt is cute!
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	13-JUL-14	4	Cami Camisole	Great fabric and fit, just a bit smaller than I'm used to. But then again it might be because all mine are stretched out. Overall, a very good product.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	15-JUL-14	2	Two Stars	Quality is great but sizes are really small!
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	16-JUL-14	1	It is more like a child's large	This camisole does not appear to be a misses size. It is more like a child's large.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	16-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Love the fit and charcoal or dark grey. A little thin otherwise serves it's purpose.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	17-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Blue color is very pretty and true to photo.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	18-JUL-14	3	I ordered a large, it is way to small ...	I ordered a large,  it is way to small, didn't want to hassle  sending it back, gave it to my granddaughter.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	20-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	This is a nice camisole. My only complaint is that the straps are a bit thin.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	20-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Can wear without a bra, exactly what I was looking for!
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	23-JUL-14	5	Very nice cami	This cami is very comfortable and soft. The material is thicker than some and only slightly stretchy, which I like. The color is pretty and hasn't faded, even after several washings. The length is shorter than some, coming to about hip length on me (I'm 5'7"), but I prefer them that way. I often wear it to bed and it provides some support without binding. The strap on one shoulder came unsewn after a couple wearings, but was easy to fix. Overall, it's a nice cami for the price.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Very nice tank top! Very comfortable and stylish. Great alone or as an undershirt.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	24-JUL-14	4	Good buy!	Very nice.  Pink color really pretty.  The small was perfect.  The medium is snug.  I would go up a size to a large if you're a medium.  The camis are a good price and lots of colors!
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	25-JUL-14	1	Not as advertised	The description for this top indicates it has a shelf bra and adjustable straps. It had neither, which is why I rated it 1 star. If you're interested in a basic camisole, the fabric was soft and the fit was what I expected.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	26-JUL-14	1	the tag stated Large but the fit was like extra small	I normally wear and order size Large.  When I saw the cami's i was thrilled with all the colors.  But when they arrived, the tag stated Large but the fit was like extra small.  I will NEVER order clothing from Amazon again.  The sellers don't state the sizes run small, very frustrating.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	27-JUL-14	1	TOO SMALL	I am usually a medium, but I could hardly get it over my head. what a dissappointment
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	27-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Exactly what I needed and expected cami to be. Also very soft and fits well.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	27-JUL-14	5	Lovely	Fits as expected!  Lovely shirt!
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	28-JUL-14	5	Very Comfortable Cami	The quality of this cami is wonderful especially for the price. They run small so order a size larger for comfort. They are thin but durable.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	29-JUL-14	5	Love love	Love camis and this one is perfect
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	29-JUL-14	5	Cami Camisole with Shelf Bra; Adjustable	I already wrote a review.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	30-JUL-14	4	great layering top	The fit is small and the tank is not as long as expected.  I have a short torso so it fits me fine. I recommend ordering size larger than normal.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	05-AUG-14	2	I was very disappointed in the fit	I was very disappointed in the fit.  I typically wear medium to large and I couldn't get the large on at all.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	05-AUG-14	4	Perfect length for what I was looking for	Perfect length for what I was looking for.  The material is not as stretchy as my other camis, but I prefer it that way so it won't stretch out as quickly as they have.  Will be buying more in other colors as well as another white.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	07-AUG-14	3	Needed to buy two sizes bigger than normal	Ordinarily I buy a small but this cami runs smaller than normal.  I ended up buying a large which fits fine.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	10-AUG-14	5	No complaints!	Good fit. I got a medium.  I'm 5'8", 132 pounds, 34B, 27" waist. Length was between hip bones and crotch. Shelf bra is same fabric as cami with typical elastic.  95 cotton 5 spandex, so  it's stretchy and shouldn't fade quickly. It is form fitting but not tight. Color as expected.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	10-AUG-14	3	Three colors, three different fits	Ordered three colors and all fit a little differently. The bra was way too small, but I cut it out since I'm only wearing for sleep. I'm a petite and wear a 34-36 C or D depending on bra.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	11-AUG-14	5	I'd buy again	I'm so happy with this product!!!!! It's pretty thin and I still have to wear a bra with it, but it's really soft and fits comfortably. Not to mention it arrived three days earlier than the expected arrival date!!!!!!. I should mention that sometimes I have to wear an extra large, and I ordered a large. It probably would be a tad big on those who normally wear this size.. NOTE: it looks really small straight out of the package. TRY IT ON. It's not as tiny as it at first looks.
Cami Camisole Built in Shelf BRA Adjustable Spaghetti Strap Tank Top	12-AUG-14	1	Waste of $	Although the size said large was it for juniors?  This is not a woman's large. Waste of $.  It would cost more to eend it back.
Walls Girls 56750 Western Long Sleeved Twill Cotton Pearl Snap Shirt	29-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	great shirt! Thank you!
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring strap top	22-JUL-14	4	Great shirt	Its a great date or girls night out shirt!
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring strap top	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I love this shirt
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring strap top	07-AUG-14	5	Great top	Looks and fits great. will make a nice top to wear casual, out on the town or formal.
Tank Top With Built-In Bra - Solid Tank Top	09-AUG-14	2	icky material	The material is fakey polyester and the sizing is short.
Robert J. Clancey Women's Hibiscus Hawaiian Aloha Cotton Shirt	28-JUL-14	5	Cool Shirts	Just as described AAA+
Cactus Bay Apparel, Rhinestones, Crew Neck, Brown Cotton Top - Indian Pony	09-AUG-14	3	Rather disappointed, but not worth the shipping charges to send ...	Feels smaller than expected and I have several shirts of this brand.  Color also is much darker than the one on amazon. Rather disappointed, but not worth the shipping charges to send it back
Port Authority Women's Stretch Cotton 3/4 Sleeve Shirt	29-JUL-14	5	This top will make a nice neutral addition to any wardrobe	This top will make a nice neutral addition to any wardrobe. I feel self-conscious when I wear anything but a 3/4 sleeve top to work and this gives a totally professional look to any outfit.
Ladies Black Tank Top with Racerback, Cotton Spandex	17-JUL-14	3	Doesn't fit well.	I wear this around the house because it's much too large.
Dickies 1254 Women's Button-Down Traditional Fit Short Sleeve Oxford Shirt	19-JUL-14	5	Great work shirt for food service	Bought this for my daughter to wear to work at the IHOP and it works out perfectly. Washes and dries nicely. Fit true to size.
Dickies 1254 Women's Button-Down Traditional Fit Short Sleeve Oxford Shirt	25-JUL-14	5	... these days for women that does not have those horrible seams down the front and chest tapered side seams ...	It's difficult to find a shirt these days for women that does not have those horrible seams down the front  and chest tapered side seams that never fit right. That is why I love these shirts!
Dickies 1254 Women's Button-Down Traditional Fit Short Sleeve Oxford Shirt	10-AUG-14	5	great workshirt- with a pocket!	Difficult to find a button down for ladies with a pocket, this one worked.. Ordered a large , and should have went for an xl as it's a bit snug, and I like a little extra room. But other than that I'd buy again since the material is good quality and had quick delivery.
Dickies 1254 Women's Button-Down Traditional Fit Short Sleeve Oxford Shirt	12-AUG-14	5	Great Work Shirt	Great shirt but no need to taper them as for a work shirt they need to be roomy.  Just a bit small thru the bust area.  Nice material and stays wrinkle free all day. I will be purchasing additional shirts and will recommend them to others where I work.
Hanes Perfect Stretch Cami White	12-AUG-14	5	LOVE	Got for for my wife and daughter. They both love it. Perfect under sheer tops. Will order more in any color available.
UltraSofts by National UltraSofts 3/4 Sleeve Knit Polo	25-JUL-14	5	High quality polo shirt.	I'd like to buy it in several colors,  I like it so well!
Harriton Ladies' 4.5 oz. Long-Sleeve Millennium Twill Shirt - White M520W L	30-JUL-14	5	Iron!	If you need a inexpensive white shirt to wear, this is it. If you hate ironing, you will not be happy with this product. I dislike wrinkles so I wear this one under sweaters. If you wear it with out a sweater you will need to use plenty of elbow grease and use a iron that puts out plenty of steam. And no, I have a great iron it's just the material the shirt is made out of.
Woolrich Women's Buffalo Check Flannel Shirt	11-AUG-14	5	You get what you pay for	Nice quality as I would have expected from Woolrich products, fit was right on, and best of all it was on sale.
Jungle Bird Women's Hawaiian Aloha Cotton Shirt - Magnum P.I. / Tom Selleck	24-JUL-14	2	Hawaiian shirt	I wanted extra room and to allow for some shrinkage during cleaning.  This shirt in size 2x gives you neither!  I estimate if is more along the lines of an extra large.  Very disappointed with the fit. Quality of the shirt , however, is great.
Melia Plumeria Women's Hawaiian Aloha Rayon Shirt	05-AUG-14	5	Fits nicely, pretty color and pattern	This fits nicely (no need for pinning gaps between buttons) and it is a very pretty shade of blue with yellow plumeria/green leaves. It also has a nice, silky feel to it. You do have to iron, but I don't mind ironing a few garments so no biggie. Can't wait to wear it in Hawaii this month! : )
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	16-JUL-14	5	Perfect fit	I didn't have any problems with this shirt. It fit perfectly and it's long enough to tuck in to where the back won't rise up when you have to move around a lot. The fabric is ok and not itchy or hot, not for me at least.
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	17-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I am super satisfied the blouse fit perfectly and I love the quality
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	18-JUL-14	5	Love it!	Perfect fit! It was scratchy at first. Washed and ironed it and the scratchy went away!
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	19-JUL-14	5	Devon & Jones Women's Long Sleeve Shirt	I like these shirts that I ordered five more.  These fit like tailored shirts, which I love.  I do not see these in my local stores.  And they came in a variety of wonderful colors. And the price was remarkably low. I wrote the red shirt last week and co-workers loved the color and fit.  Thank you Devon & Jones.
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	25-JUL-14	5	Amazing work shirt!	I love love love this shirt! It was cheap, and the red is such a vibrant, beautiful red. I have to buy a lot of shirts like this one because it is part of my uniform as a server. As a server, we have to constantly wash our hands. This is the only shirt out of over ten I own that seems to repel water. I'm a bit on the shorter side (about 5'4") so almost all sleeves are long on me. With that, all of my shirts are wet at the sleeves from washing my hands constantly. But, with this shirt, water bounces off it, and that is a major plus because it is embarrassing when you go to a table and you have wet sleeves haha. It doesn't look great to the customers I'm sure. I highly recommend this particular shirt!!
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	01-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	It's not the same size as i expected plus color isn't as appropriate as it looks online
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	04-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	I love the blouse, but when washed. It was to small
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	08-AUG-14	5	Both pretty cool and fit as expected	I already have two of these, the blue and the red. Both pretty cool and fit as expected.
Devon & Jones D555W Ladies Five-Star Performance Twill	13-AUG-14	5	Great Shirt!	This top is wonderful to wear. You just feel good in it. It fits correctly in all the right places, very comfortable!
Ladies' Long-Sleeve Twill Shirt with Stain-Release - SUNRAY YELLOW - S Ladies'	16-JUL-14	5	This was perfect for the job requirement being met as part of ...	This was perfect for the job requirement being met as part of a uniform. They wash well and wear well. They do not show stains either.
Devon & Jones Women's Stretch Sateen Blouse Shirt	28-JUL-14	4	beautiful color.	This is a nice, high quality blouse.  It is large on me, and I am trying to shrink it.  I can always wear it over a tank top or tee shirt.
Devon & Jones Women's Stretch Sateen Blouse Shirt	28-JUL-14	5	Great blouse for the money!!!	This is a lovely blouse with nice fabric. I wore it once. just laundered it. will need pressing.  I wear a large and ordered a large and it fit nicely.  Hope it didn't shrink. 
Devon & Jones D670W Ladies Isla Camp Shirt	03-AUG-14	3	Less expensive doesn't mean it will fit great	Gave it to a friend.
Devon & Jones D670W Ladies Isla Camp Shirt	07-AUG-14	1	What Shirt???!!!!	It's way too small. it's non existent. It never came!!!
UltraClub Women's Classic Wrinkle-Free Oxford Shirt	01-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Love these shirts and wish they came with patterns and prints
Teez-Her The Skinny Shaper Tank	21-JUL-14	1	Love it made real good fits perfect	I have ordered 3 of these love them for winter helps keep you warm
Teez-Her The Skinny Shaper Tank	22-JUL-14	5	Perfect	True to size color and fit
Teez-Her The Skinny Shaper Tank	26-JUL-14	5	This was very comfortable, but a little too large to do much ...	Have I lost weight?!  This was very comfortable, but a little too large to do much shaping.  Ordered in a large
Teez-Her The Skinny Shaper Tank	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love these shapers, can't find them in stores. recommend 100%
Teez-Her The Skinny Shaper Tank	11-AUG-14	5	Nice and snug!	LOVE this tank top! The bottom stays snug to your clothes because of the built in rubbery grip and doesn't ride up. Smooth and tight. Made a huge difference when I put it on as a under tank. Definitely noticed my waist looking smaller. Also the neckline is low enough to not show under your shirts but not too low that your cleavage is crazy. One thing tho, it does not restrict around your chest so your chest will fit in freely because the material is a bit looser up there to let the girls breathe, but I imagine that if you're flat or small chested it might be baggy up there. Not sure. Fits great on me tho and I'm so happy with the purchase!
	21-JUL-14	4	Heavy	Love the style, however the fabric is on the heavy side for me!
Harvard Square Ladies' 60/40 Cotton/Poly Long Sleeve Oxford Dress Shirt	13-AUG-14	3	Three Stars	It was larger than I expected.
American Apparel Women's Pinpoint Oxford Short Sleeve Button-Down with Pocket	25-JUL-14	1	One Star	The item shipped was a men's style shirt!
Maggie's Organic Cotton Camisole	25-JUL-14	4	but it fits well & the fabric is great, so I'll wear them	I expected to have a shelf bra in it!  That was disappointing, but it fits well & the fabric is great, so I'll wear them!
American Apparel Women's Cotton Spandex Jersey Tank Thong	19-JUL-14	2	NEED TO OFFER XL SIZES	This item fit barely, but a XL would've fit prefect, which Amazon doesn't offer.  Need to sale XL sizes, thousands of women would but this item!
American Apparel Women's Cotton Spandex Jersey Tank Thong	20-JUL-14	3	its fine and fits as expected - small is a small	Back is too high cut (yes, its a thong but it could be cut a little lower) for many body shapes.  Other than that, its fine and fits as expected - small is a small.
American Apparel Women's Cotton Spandex Jersey Tank Thong	30-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love it, & the product shipped faster than expected!
American Apparel Women's Cotton Spandex Jersey Tank Thong	31-JUL-14	3	High cut thong makes a booty look long	Note to potential buyers: Thong body suits only look good on you if you have a perfect/nearly perfect bubbly butt. The thong cut is very high so it makes you look like you have a very long booty. The v neck isn't too low and revealing as some have said,though I am a B up top. Good jersey quality. Super fast shipping even without Prime.
American Apparel Women's Cotton Spandex Jersey Tank Thong	03-AUG-14	4	This is a very hot leotard-though it did get a ...	This is a very hot leotard-though it did get a hole the first time I wore it (and was not doing anything crazy!) Since there is no returns on AA I will try and mend it myself. someday. when I get time. *sigh* I would probably purchase again though.
American Apparel Leaf Flower Lace Loose Tank	06-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Good. I found it very good in quality. Thanks to Amazon for quick delivery
Devon & Jones Blue Ladies' Savile Patterned Dress Shirt - Multi Cabana Stripe D600W S	23-JUL-14	5	Great shirt for a sweet price	Great shirt for a sweet price. Would buy again, nice to have a pile of casual office shirts without breaking the bank.
Devon & Jones Blue Ladies' Savile Patterned Dress Shirt - Multi Cabana Stripe D600W S	31-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	Nothing special about the shirt. Regular quality, colorful, and it's ok.
Port Authority Women's Long Sleeve Easy Care Shirt	23-JUL-14	3	I am a bigger woman and so when I bought ...	I am a bigger woman and so when I bought the 2x, I naturally thought that there would be a bit more space. I was so wrong,I not only washed the shirt and it shrank, but the buttons kept unbuttoning which is not very flattering when you work around other people.
Port Authority Women's Long Sleeve Easy Care Shirt	25-JUL-14	5	... shirt fits as i expected it to which is great. The material is light and soft as well	The shirt fits as i expected it to which is great. The material is light and soft as well. I love it! And the shipping speed was faster than i expected as well. Great customer service also.
Port Authority Women's Long Sleeve Easy Care Shirt	29-JUL-14	5	great product!	It fit as expected, it was delivered promptly.. great product!
Port Authority Women's Wrinkle Resistance Shirt	13-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	The shirt looks great!
Port Authority Women's Short-Sleeve Easy Care Shirt, red/light stone, X-Large	22-JUL-14	5	I love it	Just what I wanted and the color is just like the picture.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	16-JUL-14	5	Very nice shirt but not right on sizes :(	I ordered the 3x and it fit like a regualr large shirt :( Is a very nice shirt but make sure you order bigger that you need and not for plus size women :(
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	20-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	love the top!. but sizing is way off
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	21-JUL-14	4	Pretty but too short	Comfortable and great fit with a standard bra (your straps don't show).  However, it needs to be a bit longer - even an inch or two would make the fit for us blg girls with tummies much better.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	23-JUL-14	1	Not a good purchase!	Don't buy it! Cheaply made! Super thin fabric, feels like a poorly "made in China" top. Not worth the price at all and like the other reviews say it's way too small! I would say the 3x is maybe a JR large.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	27-JUL-14	3	Nice shirt, but too many problems with it.	I only leave 3 stars for this shirt, as I had several problems with it; it fit very well, however, the main reason I bought the shirt was for the necklace that was attached to it; but the necklace was too short on one side, and it did not hang right; very odd; ended up having to take it off; also there were many, many long black strings on it everywhere, and I had to cut them all off; all-in-all just too much work for a new shirt, and I won't order it again.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	30-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	The top fit my well with the exception of the bust area.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	31-JUL-14	1	One Star	Ordered two sizes larger, still ridiculously small.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	01-AUG-14	2	Runs way small	Super cute shirt but the sizing is so far off. I saw the review that it runs small so ordered one size up, overnight shipped it for a party and turns out almost two sizes smaller than normal.  Very disappointing.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	02-AUG-14	5	my friend loved it for her birthday gift it fit really good ...	my friend loved it for her birthday gift it fit really good and looked stunning, Defiantly a shirt you can go out to some where nice or on a special occasion.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	10-AUG-14	1	Small and cheap looking.	The item was smaller than described.  Also, the glitter on the cups loozed cheap. I returned the item.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	11-AUG-14	3	Three Stars	Would like it better if it fit.
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	12-AUG-14	1	One Star	Not a plus size top
eVogues Plus Size Sexy O-Ring Necklace Sleeveless Top	13-AUG-14	3	beautiful but short	Very beautiful shirt. I  liked the necklace that was included. The only downfall was it wasn't long enough for my turso (I'm 5'8 and mostly turso) and ran on the small size. Unfortunately had to return.
Tri-Mountain Women's Stain Resistant Button Down Collar Oxford Dress Shirt	18-JUL-14	5	good quality	this shirt is nice, the fit is somewhat large so make sure you order a size down. They have great customer service.
Tri-Mountain Women's Stain Resistant Button Down Collar Oxford Dress Shirt	28-JUL-14	4	Nice price	Ok little on the small scale
Tri-Mountain Women's Stain Resistant Button Down Collar Oxford Dress Shirt	31-JUL-14	4	... area and I'm a 36 DD but a very nice	very snug in the breast area and I'm a 36 DD but a very nice shirt
Tri-Mountain Women's Stain Resistant Classic Oxford Shirt	03-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Good quality.  Great fitting
Tri-Mountain Women's Easy Care Stain Resistant Twill Dress Shirt	02-AUG-14	5	Love these shirts!!!	This shirt as well as the other colors are exactly what I have been looking for to wear to work as casual wear. I am 6'0 tall so I am constantly looking for tall sizes and these shirts fit as expected
Tri-Mountain Womens denim long sleeve shirt.	16-JUL-14	5	I love it. It's very comfortable	I wear this shirt every day to keep my skin covered due to a sun allergy. I love it. It's very comfortable.
Tri-Mountain Women's Tailored Fit Waffle-Weave Pattern Shirt	17-JUL-14	4	was disappointed with the clay color	Ordered three of the shirts, was disappointed with the clay color. It was more of a salmon color. Fits nicely, a little roomy, but has a tailored look. Fabric is super comfortable, irons well.
Tri-Mountain Women's Wrinkle Resistant Performance Dress Shirt	20-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	The color not what I expected.
Tri-Mountain Women's Wrinkle Resistant Performance Dress Shirt	31-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	very tight in the breast area and I'm only a 36DD
Tri-Mountain Women's Wrinkle Resistant Performance Dress Shirt	03-AUG-14	5	Tri Mountain SS Shirt	Absolutely excellent shirt- I plan to order 2 more!
Tri-Mountain Women's Wrinkle Resistant Performance Dress Shirt	06-AUG-14	3	Love the price !!	The shirts are just what I needed for work. They are just to long. I can't tuck them in or leave them out.
Tri-Mountain Women's Wrinkle Resistant Performance Dress Shirt	07-AUG-14	5	Awesome Shirt :D	Awesome shirt. I bought this shirt in another color too.. It doesn't wrinkle up at all. Just like it was advertised.. No more dryer drama. Love it. Fits perfectly.. Thank you for this awesome product.
Tri-Mountain Women's Flattering Fit Perfect Stretch Woven Shirt	21-JUL-14	5	Great shirt	I like the cut of the shirt and the 3/4 sleeves.  Full length sleeves bug me so the 3/4 are perfect.  Can wear it all seasons.
Tri-Mountain Women's Short Sleeve Stonewashed Denim Shirt,	23-JUL-14	1	Cheap!!	way too small for the size it was suppose to be.  Material was flimsy and cheap looking
Van Heusen 13V0110 Womens Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford - Corporate Blue - 2XL	15-JUL-14	5	Love all three	Bought three of these, in stripes (hard to find vertical tiny stripes), gray and light green. Love all three. Wash and wear no iron needed if taken out of dryer right away. Great cotton blend shirts.
Van Heusen 13V0110 Womens Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford - Corporate Blue - 2XL	21-JUL-14	3	Fit is SMALL	Nice shirt, runs small
Port Authority - Ladies 3/4-Sleeve Easy Care, Soil Resistant Shirt. L612	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	A bit larger than expected,but that's to be expected with shirts such as this one.
Port Authority - Ladies 3/4-Sleeve Easy Care, Soil Resistant Shirt. L612	13-AUG-14	2	I measured my bust line, but the size was ...	I measured my bust line, but the size was still too small, although the sizing chart assured I would receive the right fit : (
Van Heusen Ladies' Long-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Nice shirt. Can wear to work or out to play. Fit is perfect. Have purchased 2 already
Van Heusen Ladies' Long-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	19-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Was just as described, fit as expected, & delivered in reasonable length of time.
Van Heusen Ladies' Long-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	24-JUL-14	5	I can always count on Van Heusen Oxford shirts. ...	I can always count on Van Heusen Oxford shirts . 60% cotton and 40% polyester !!! the only other Oxford shirt I wear is JC Penney but it is 40%cotton and 60% polyester  it needs less ironing but not as sharp looking.
Van Heusen Ladies' Long-Sleeve Wrinkle-Resistant Oxford	28-JUL-14	3	material is not what i hoped	needs ironing and hard to iron
Van Heusen Ladies Short Sleeve Wrinkle Resistant Oxford. 59850	01-AUG-14	3	Stiff fabric	This blouse fits a bit small. The fabric is a little too stiff, even after washing and drying.
Stretch Cotton Camisole Tank Top Junior Plus Size	28-JUL-14	5	Will buy these again.	Nice fitting cami for a long torso.
Foxcroft Wrinkle Free CVC Poplin 3/4 Sleeve Shirt, Shaped Fit, Misses Sizes 4-18	25-JUL-14	5	Foxcroft tops	I enjoy this brand because they truly are wrinkle free. This particular blouse can be worn for sporty attire and also for more dressy outfits.  It will stay looking fresh all day regardless of. activities.
UltraClub Womens Cabana Breeze Camp Shirt. 8981 - Large - Island Blue	22-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	the shirt is a beautiful color and fits just right
Silver Metallic Crochet Lace Tank Top	30-JUL-14	5	Very nice top! Fits great and very soft and flowy	Very nice top! Fits great and very soft and flowy. I got many compliments. Just long enough to cover lumps and bump on my midsection.
Orvis Women's Mockneck Interlock Tank / Mock-neck Interlock Tank	11-AUG-14	5	Fits great. 60/40 cotton/poly blend has a good weight and ...	I'm wearing it now over a pencil skirt and under a 3/4 sleeve sweater.  Fits great.  60/40 cotton/poly blend has a good weight and doesn't wrinkle.  Orvis quality at a good price.
Jessica London Women's Plus Size Poplin Shirt	31-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Very nice, love it.
DanceNwear Women's Cotton/Lycra Tank Top Leotard	13-JUL-14	5	dancing with joy	I been looking every where for a leotard in my size that fits me well so I can take part in my prayer dance group at church.
DanceNwear Women's Cotton/Lycra Tank Top Leotard	25-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Excellent fit and quality
Carhartt Women's Short Sleeve Gingham Shirt	13-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	Nice design but runs small.
Comfort Colors Womens Ringspun Garment-Dyed Tank Top	10-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	Shirt was way smaller than normal comfort colors. They would not exchange for larger size.
Chestnut Hill Women's Executive Performance Pinpoint Oxford Blouse - FAIRWAY GREEN CH620W M	15-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	Great product.  Doesn't wrinkle.  I would prefer if they were a bit more tailored fitting but overall happy.
eVogues Plus Size Off Shoulder Racer Back Tunic Top	11-AUG-14	5	It fit great.	I would have purchased a size smaller but after the reviews I got a size larger than normal, It fit great.
eVogues Plus Size Off Shoulder Racer Back Tunic Top	11-AUG-14	3	but love the	Arrived ontime, material very then,but love the style
Cuddl Duds Softech Plus Size Square Neck Lace Camisole	22-JUL-14	4	Would order again	Products are great, washed nicely, and comfortable
Cuddl Duds Softech Plus Size Square Neck Lace Camisole	09-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Love this shirt. Beautiful material!
Fruit of the Loom Women 2-Pack Ribbed Cotton Tank	13-JUL-14	5	Great product	I got this because I was looking for a white one to go under a shirt that was not very heavy. I was surprised to learn they just pick randomly and that is how the color is. I probably should have read more about this product. With that being said, there was a black one which worked just fine. The fit is great and did not shrink when I washed them This is a product I would recommend.
Fruit of the Loom Women 2-Pack Ribbed Cotton Tank	25-JUL-14	1	I was disappointed with the fit and quality	I was disappointed with the fit and quality. They were different than the tee shirts I currently have, which I bought several ago from KMart, I was afraid the new ones may be different, but was keeping my fingers crossed that they'd be the same. Unfortunately, they are very different. The fabric is a lot thinner and the cut around the neck and arms are different. neck lower and armholes bigger. I can still use these for undershirts, but I really loved the way the old tanks fit and looked while wearing alone.
Chadwicks Voile Printed Tunic	07-AUG-14	1	One Star	shirt lasted one wash.  very cheaply made
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Mirielle Embellished Tunic	09-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	This blouse is beautiful fit perfect and I love it
Roamans Women's Plus Size Flannel Plaid Bigshirt	14-JUL-14	5	Oh l love it. the print is great even my very ...	Oh l love it.  the print is great even my very youngest wondered if it was his. LOL
Roamans Women's Plus Size Flannel Plaid Bigshirt	23-JUL-14	5	pretty color	Material is so soft. Feels great on the skin. Very pretty blue.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Flannel Plaid Bigshirt	06-AUG-14	5	very comfortable and like that its long washes up nicely the ...	very comfortable and like that its long washes up nicely the color has not faded have washed it several times.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Flannel Plaid Bigshirt	13-AUG-14	5	fits perfect with enty room to	Prompt service, fits perfect with enty room to move
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Angel Chiffon Camisole	14-JUL-14	4	It's an ok top	Beautiful top. I got the black. The bib section is gorgeous but definitely seems to fit a bit tight. I love the openness of the bottom and it helps hide my gut - i just wish it wasn't so tight on the top. Also, didn't expect it to be so scratchy and almost thick. Expected a light and breezy top. I've never noticed anything being see through though and asked my husband about it. He said no.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Angel Chiffon Camisole	24-JUL-14	5	Versatile beauty	Colors pull together many of the popular shades and, of course, basic black. Worn with black slacks and Roamans Crochet Trim Cardigan in pale ocean, the outfit received many compliments.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Angel Chiffon Camisole	28-JUL-14	1	One Star	This top is only snug up top.  The rest is very flowy and no where is it fitting.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Angel Chiffon Camisole	30-JUL-14	5	Angel wear for down-to-earth girls	Compliments every time I wear it. I bought this blouse for an Art en Blanc party where everyone must wear white. I needed something flowy to go with a beautiful white skirt. Since the party, I have worn this blouse paired with lots of different looks. It jazzes up jeans and looks equally appropriate under a blazer for the office. The white-on-white embroidery detail on the yoke lends a very feminine style to this top, and the chiffon body adds to the lightness of this angelic little blouse.  One more thing, and this is IMPORTANT: the armholes are just the right size.  I hate when you see the perfect sleeveless top and when you try it on, the armholes are way too low. You will not be disappointed with this top!
Roamans Women's Plus Size Crew Neck Long Sleeve Ultimate Tee	20-JUL-14	4	nice quality	nice quality cotton, shrank when I washed it, but ok, as I always buy a size larger when something is made from cotton. like the spandex part of this. 
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Sequin Glam Tank	12-AUG-14	5	Wedding Reception Top	I am pairing this sequin tank with a sequin jacked for a late fall wedding. The fit is perfect, true to size.  The color is fabulous.  I highly recommend this for evening wear.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Top, Tunic 3/4 Sleeves Chelsea Studio	19-JUL-14	5	it fits so well	its roomier than I thought it would be has great stretch and looks GREAT! so comfy!!! I will buy it in other colors
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Tunic Length Generous Fit Polo	11-AUG-14	2	SoCal purchase	This item was wider than it was tall. I ordered it for the length
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Tunic Length Generous Fit Polo	12-AUG-14	5	I love these shirts because they are long enough to make ...	I love these shirts because they are long enough to make me feel comfortable and they hold their length and shape after washing.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Solid And Ombre Stripe Bigshirt	18-JUL-14	3	Nice	Would be 4 this is a GREAT all around plus size basic shirt. just felt a lil smaller than old 1xs I owned. I have many in different colors. overall fit is feminine and doesnt look like it came from a plus size catalog. Nice
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Solid And Ombre Stripe Bigshirt	27-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	IT FITS WELL AND LOOKS PRETTY GOOD
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Solid And Ombre Stripe Bigshirt	31-JUL-14	1	Fraud	Biggest fraud Ive found on Amazon in 10 years. I am a size 10/12 & 166 lbs & this is not a plus size shirt let alone be considered a womans big shirt. DO NOT! Consider this picture as the shirt your gonna get. Arrive w/buttons hanging on by threads, sleeves way too short for adult size 10/12 women and made out of flimsy cheap material. FYI Seller is deducting $7.50 from refund price when Amazon already enclosed (free!) no postage due return label.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Angelina Tunic	21-JUL-14	5	Great transformation	For men who cross dress this shirt is the best. I wear mine with just a pair of black leggings and I,m ready to go out on the town. The shirt is long enough to cover what I need covered and that's important. Do order a size down , they are a little big. Comfortable, sexy, colorful I will buy more.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Angelina Tunic	21-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love the fabric, fits well,combination of blues is nice
Roamans Women's Plus Size Angelina Tunic	25-JUL-14	1	Shapeless and colors WAY off	My computer screen matched all the other colors this company put out, but this shirt did not look the same. The colors were darker--definitely not bright like the model is wearing. Plus it was way too big, and looked horrible. Back it went.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Angelina Tunic	29-JUL-14	5	I love the blue...	I was a little surprised with this shirt-  the levels of light blue blending into the dark designs of blue.  It is very cool and comfortable for the southern heat of the day. It washed and dried very well: hung it on the rack indoors to dry in the kitchen at night and put in the dryer after it dried for a few minutes to press it out and hung it up. It looked like new.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Corduroy Bigshirt	14-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I just love this heavy bug shirt and wear it as a winter coat.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	28-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	I like the shirt but it is a little to big for me.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	28-JUL-14	3	Big shirt	It's different. Pretty also.  If your looking for comfort, this is the shirt.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	31-JUL-14	4	Amazon Shopping	I love shopping Amazon. It is convenient and the products are of very good quality. I have purchased refurbished items and have been very satisfied with them.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	31-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Was great going to order more.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	11-AUG-14	1	One Star	It didn't look at all like the picture.  Made me look pregnant!
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	11-AUG-14	5	Nice	It is a very comfy shirt, washes well and did not shrink.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Kate Bigshirt	11-AUG-14	5	I'm impressed!	Very very nice big shirt!!! Nice fabric & fit. I received many compliments on it.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Peachskin Camisole	25-JUL-14	4	Nice Top	I love this top, it fit perfect and got lots of compliments.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Peachskin Camisole	31-JUL-14	2	Two Stars	I ends up looking like a maternity top.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Peachskin Camisole	06-AUG-14	5	This is an awesome shirt. It looks spectacular on	This is an awesome shirt.  It looks spectacular on .  and I am a big girl.  Very slimming and the material is silky.  The first time I wore it, a nurse at the doctor's office said how great it looked and asked where I got it.  I actually ordered a second black one to have in reserve for when I wear the first one out.  I liked it that much!
Roamans Women's Plus Size Shawl Collar Ultimate Tee	25-JUL-14	4	Beautiful White Blouse	This blouse was easy to clean & looked great.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Bra Cami	24-JUL-14	3	A bit small	I'm keeping this because sending something back is expensive and a pain, but I wish it were a bit larger.  I'd have to say these run small.  Quality is good, however.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Bra Cami	30-JUL-14	3	While I was pleased it was a little large of course	I've purchased 1X's for several years now. While I was pleased it was a little large of course, I was surprised that the size was that way off.  Not enough to send back, but enough that I will have to cover it with another top.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Bra Cami	06-AUG-14	3	sunshine top	Love the color. This cami wasn't what I expected. The material is thicker then I would've like, and the drape of the fabric is a little off. But no-one will see it but me. Recommend for a younger lady to wear as an outer garment.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Bra Cami	07-AUG-14	5	I love this cami	I love this cami! It came quickly and the yellow is vibrant and beautiful! But it is so big. I should've gotten a smaller size, but it still works!
Roamans Women's Plus Size Trapeze Tunic Tank	31-JUL-14	5	cool and comfortable	Just what I needed to wear around the house and keep cool and comfortable all summer long. Perfect for a hot Hawaiian day. I like it so much, I ordered another one in a different color. Might even get a third one. 
Roamans Women's Plus Size Trapeze Tunic Tank	05-AUG-14	5	Love it!	I ordered down a size on this one.  I am pear shaped and it being trapeze shaped it worked well.  It fits wonderful on the top.  Not to big in the shoulders and does not show my bra under my arms.  It had plenty room in tummy and hip area.  I wear it with leggings and have plenty coverage of my tush.  I would buy again.
Roamans Women's Plus Size Trapeze Tunic Tank	11-AUG-14	5	love it	I am using this for the gym and it is great, fits really well and very soft
Women's Plus Size Shirt, seersucker with generous fit	15-JUL-14	5	I like the shirt and will order more once I get ...	I like the shirt and will order more once I get the right size. They seem to run large.I sent the one I ordered back for a smaller size but no response yet. It has been 2 weeks. I'm still hoping.
Women's Plus Size Shirt, seersucker with generous fit	24-JUL-14	4	It is a good quality product	I bought this too big, but it is extremely comfy. It is a good quality product.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Cotton Ribbed Tank	25-JUL-14	5	wasnt the right tank it was ribbed material	sent back because it wasn't the prefect tank it was ribbed. Didn't like material
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Cotton Ribbed Tank	28-JUL-14	1	One Star	Was a gift and they returned it. Said it looked cheap.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Cotton Ribbed Tank	28-JUL-14	4	Knit top is very nice	The top fits well and the material is nice.  I like the top.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Cotton Ribbed Tank	07-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Nice color, nice fit.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Cotton Ribbed Tank	11-AUG-14	5	this top looks great on. the color is terriffic and it looks ...	this top looks great on. the color is terriffic and it looks good on.  Again I will be ordering others in the same style, but in different colors.
Ellos Women's Plus Size Top in soft knit, tunic length	15-JUL-14	5	:3	I bought one of these a while ago in a different pattern and loved it.  Fair warning- the material is kind of thin (wear a black bra or a flesh colored bra with this) and it's totally a boob shirt, so if you have tig ol bitties, you will have to wear a plunge bra! (it really accentuates them too, so yay for a shirt that my husband can't stop staring at!)
Woman Within Women's Plus Size V-Neck 3/4 Sleeve Tee	23-JUL-14	3	Too big for me...	The shirts were way to large for me so I think so I think I am going to return them.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size V-Neck 3/4 Sleeve Tee	27-JUL-14	3	Ok top	Ok everyday top. Washed well.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size V-Neck 3/4 Sleeve Tee	08-AUG-14	5	I like the shirts a bit large and this fit perfectly	I like the shirts a bit large and this fit perfectly, large enough to satisfy my needs yet not too large to be baggy in sloppy way.  Love it and the color is great !
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Satin Camisole	24-JUL-14	5	Great!	Just what I wanted.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Satin Camisole	25-JUL-14	5	I like it	Great quality.  Was what I was expecting.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Satin Camisole	27-JUL-14	4	Good quality	Nicely made but runs just a tad large.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Satin Camisole	09-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Very pretty ,fit well
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size The Boyfriend Shirt	14-JUL-14	2	Two Stars	I was disappointed in the fabric. Very hard to iron. Fit was okay.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size The Boyfriend Shirt	14-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	This shirt is awesome! So comfy!
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size The Boyfriend Shirt	20-JUL-14	5	around the house and run to your massage	just what i was looking for in a plus size.  fabric is good, style is great, happy summer shirt.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size The Boyfriend Shirt	23-JUL-14	3	but I love the material	The fit was OK. I didn't order the right size. but I love the material. I should have ordered a smaller size.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	This is just a really great basic shirt for summer!  I bought lots of colors!
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	16-JUL-14	5	Nice tank top	This is a really nice fitting tank top.  Use the sizing chart and you won't be disappointed.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	20-JUL-14	5	Nice top	Very nice top, nice shade of pink. Will order more in other colors.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	22-JUL-14	3	Not bad	A little thin material and they are short,  but good enough to bang around the house.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	22-JUL-14	5	arrived quickly	their clothes tend to run big so I ordered a size down. It fits nicely and is quality made like everything else they sell. Love love love woman within!!
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	24-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Such a beautiful color. and a perfect fit!  Thank you.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	25-JUL-14	4	Great Fit	When I ordered this shirt, I was a little hesitant, but it looked like it would fit a little freely and it did.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	29-JUL-14	4	top	Nice top that fits as expected.. It washed up well and is a good addition to my summer wardrobe. As I've said in previous reviews I wish they would reconsider their policy and accept Canadian credit cards/Pay Pal.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	31-JUL-14	5	Happy Customer	She was very happy with the way it fit
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	31-JUL-14	5	mon luvs them	every thing that was described excellent job great service
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	06-AUG-14	5	Larger Than Expected	I like the material and the purple color I purchased. The top runs large order a smaller size
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	06-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I have not worn it yet but will shortly. Thank You.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	10-AUG-14	4	Tank top	A little large but can wear  Nice shirt
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	11-AUG-14	5	LOVE, LOVE THESE COTTON TANK TOPS BUT THEY RUN ...	LOVE, LOVE THESE COTTON TANK TOPS BUT THEY RUN LARGE.  I USUALLY WEAR A 3X BUT GOT 1X IN THESE.  THE 1X FITS PERFECT & IS VERY COMFORTABLE.  THE MATERIAL IS PERFECT-NOT TOO THIN & NOT TOO THICK.  VERY IMPRESSED AT HOW WELL THESE TOPS SEEM TO BE MADE-FIRST THING I NOTICED WAS I DID NOT HAVE TO PICK A DOZEN LOOSE STRINGS/THREADS OFF WHEN I OPEN THEM.  HAVE ORDERED ABOUT A DOZEN OF THESE TOPS.  I DON'T WANT TO WEAR ANY OTHER TANK TOP.  THE OTHERS FROM WALMART HAVE GONE IN THE TRASH.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	11-AUG-14	1	WAAAY too large	Not at all what I wanted or expected.  It is way too long; looks like a mini dress.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	13-AUG-14	3	Tank top	This top ran much larger than others I have purchased.  One of the armholes was larger than the other, too.  Will have to return it.
Women's Plus Size Top, Perfect tank top	13-AUG-14	3	fits as expected however	the top is made well and fits well but the color is not as expected, their is to much rust color in it.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	13-JUL-14	4	Liked the color and the fit but after the first ...	Liked the color and the fit but after the first washing, the sleeves shrunk so they fit a bit tight now. Had I ordered a larger size the shirt would have been to big. Guess I have a weird body.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	16-JUL-14	1	Way Too Big and Faded After One Wash	I'm a 16/18 on the top.  I ordered the 1x in blue and the shirt was huge.  I washed the shirt in warm and the color faded drastically after just one wash.  The shirt was really low quality.  Should have stuck with Land's End sales.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	20-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I loved this shirt so much that I bought 2 more in different colors.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	22-JUL-14	5	my second one :)	Love the fit and I have it embroidered for a work shirt
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	28-JUL-14	5	Five stars	Great quality for price
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	03-AUG-14	5	... work lifting an pulling auto parts so they work great I love the length	I ware to work lifting an pulling auto parts so they work great I love the length
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	03-AUG-14	1	One Star	Too large--not as pictured/returned
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	05-AUG-14	4	But they are very comfortable and the colors shown are true to the shirts	The shirts I purchased fit very well, the material is a little thinner than I wanted.  But they are very comfortable and the colors shown are true to the shirts.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Polo Short Sleeve T-Shirt	13-AUG-14	4	I like it.	Fits well. Too many buttons. Other than that, I like it.
Women's Plus Size Shirt in crinkle cotton	20-JUL-14	5	Very cool tops	I really like the comfort and coolness of the cotton crinkle fabric. Everyone that lives in Texas should wear this fabric all summer!
Women's Plus Size Shirt in crinkle cotton	23-JUL-14	1	too big	I received this aok, but it was way too big. I. was happy to see how easy it was to return, but afterwards, when the credit was due found out that there was a "reshelvfing fee".  What a way to make a buck.
Women's Plus Size Shirt in crinkle cotton	25-JUL-14	5	Yummy!	This shirt is light and flows nicely around the body, creating a breezy feel for the summer heat.  The color is wonderful and as pictured.  It is a little larger than I expected but for summer layering, it works very well.  I love this shirt!
Women's Plus Size Shirt in crinkle cotton	05-AUG-14	4	I love this shirt	I would give it five stars if it didn't feel just a little too large.  I have no problem with quality of product, service, packaging.  I get compliments on the vivid color and plan to order more.
Women's Plus Size Shirt in crinkle cotton	11-AUG-14	4	Comfy top for the office or play!	Cool top for work or play. Washed/dried without shrinkage.
Women's Plus Size Top, tank in knit	17-JUL-14	5	Great fit.	Love the color.  The top is a perfect fit.  Love it!!!
Women's Plus Size Top, tank in knit	31-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	every thing that was described excellent job great service
Women's Plus Size Top, tank in knit	07-AUG-14	5	Nice color, good fit.	Nice color, good fit.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Thermal Knit Sweatshirt	30-JUL-14	3	Not for petite women	Too big under the arms. I am only 5'1" so it is long on me but I can shorten it up. Too bad the company doesn't offer petite sizing. Now that would be wonderful. Not all plus size women are 5 ft 4 inches tall.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Trapeze Shape & Smocking Top	14-JUL-14	5	These shirts rock!!!	I have 12 of these shirts, and LOVE them!  I wear them all the time.  They fit large.  They are SUPPOSED to!  They are trapeze tunics!  They are very roomy and comfy; I don't like to wear anything tight and these are perfect.  They are long and hide unsightly bulges, being both roomy and long.  They are a very comfy material, and are thick.  They are not thin and flimsy.  I DID order the replacements for these.  The replacements are much tighter (and hence ride up and are not as long) and the material is very thin (not like these are).  I had ordered larger sizes when I ordered the replacements, but they turned out being smaller instead of larger, because of the way they shrunk them.  I gave all 3 of  my new ones away.  But this one listed on this ad is the old one, and they are still great!  (They have been making this particular style for years, and just changed the colors.  I wish now I had bought more while I could.  I have bought 2 of the black ones now, since that's the only color they seem to have left.)
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	13-JUL-14	5	I loved this when I got it in the mail I ...	I loved this when I got it in the mail I was so excited. It came in exactly on time and fit as expected. I love to wear this and would recommend this to anybody.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	13-JUL-14	3	Good Looking Top!	Wife didn't like it so we'll give it away as a present. Nice color, comfortable material, and a nice piece of top wear for casual or dressy occasion.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	14-JUL-14	5	.	Love it, wear it every chance I get.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Fits and looks great
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	20-JUL-14	2	not so good.	It doesn't drape on me like it does in the picture. On going to give it away.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	21-JUL-14	2	Not worth buying	Fit great, looked great. But after the third wearing the lace started breaking apart and pilling. I stuck to the washing instructions exactly- but the low quality lace kills it.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	21-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I love this blouse! It is comfortable and is great as a dress up blouse or dress down.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	22-JUL-14	5	The product is beautiful and works well on women with a fuller figure	The product is beautiful and works well on women with a fuller figure. Though i suggest dry clean or hand wash only, if used in a regular machine on a low or gentle setting the elastic in the lace breaks and hangs from the back/underside of the sleeves. Definitely worth purchasing as long as you take care of it right. Enjoy. <3
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	23-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Love it! The sleeves were a tad long but Its very pretty and comfy
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	23-JUL-14	3	i really wanna love it	but i don't. it's just so very oddly constructed, and so very disappointing on :(  i love the gothy look of it, and was very excited to get it in the mail, and if any of the other shirts i ordered from this company had worked out, i may have kept it, thinking, well, maybe someday it will look better. nope, it's going back too.  so synthetic feeling, too!
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	23-JUL-14	5	I'm pleased.	Fits well.  I'm pleased.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	30-JUL-14	3	WAY too small!!	I usually wear a 2x because I have a larger chest area, and that size fits comfortably. I purchased a 3x on other recommendations that the shirt would be a little small. I had no idea how small. I'm able to alter my clothing, but to others be wary. This fits really tight in the stomach area, with very little stretch. Getting a larger size alters the chest area but did not compensate for how tiny it was in the waist area for a person of my size. Just read the measurements with CARE!
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	31-JUL-14	1	One Star	Fell apart after the second time I washed it.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	03-AUG-14	3	I order the 3x and it fits like a xl	Sizing is misleading.  I order the 3x and it fits like a xl
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	07-AUG-14	4	Lovely top	I read the other reviews so I was prepared for this to run small.  I am normally a 1X and I purchased the 3X.  It fits fine. No extra room, but not too tight, just snug.  Note that the lace under shirt is not a complete shirt and does not extend past the bust line.  It doesn't feel like it will ride up though. The bottom is not loose but banded.  It looks lovely on.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	09-AUG-14	2	Didn't look half as good in person	This did not work for my curves and short torso at all. It really looked nothing like I expected. The draped part of the sleeve just hung loosely and there was no shape to the whole thing. It looked horribly made and flimsy. I returned it.
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	09-AUG-14	5	Order 2 sizes up!	Im glad I read the reviews first! I love this shirt but make sure you order 2 sizes larger than what you would normally order. I normally take an XL so I ordered a 3x and its perfect
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	12-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	Was a Little smaller than I thought
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	12-AUG-14	4	Very Cute!	after reading the other reviews, I decided to order a size bigger, but not happy I did. It's huge! Still, it's really cute and will still work paired with leggings or skinny jeans. My advice is order your normal size!!!
eVogues Floral Lace Sleeve Top Black	12-AUG-14	5	... sexy wish i got a size smaller but still nice	very cute sexy wish i got a size smaller but still nice
Set of 3 Colors No Lace Modesty Panels Chemisettes by Anne Sizes SM-XXL	08-AUG-14	4	Don't use as much as I thought I would.	Nothing wrong with the product.  Just more of a pain to worry about than I thought.  Have to check periodically that still attached to my bra and not just wrinkled up.
Womens Flamingos Fitted Hawaiian Shirt	03-AUG-14	4	CUTE TRADITIONAL HAWAIIAN SHIRT	It's very cute, a tiny bit snug.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	13-JUL-14	2	Same as the other blouse I bought... ...	Same as the other blouse I bought. It was a Woman Within top and the magazine offers free shipping and free return shipping and these are toooo big and they said that I could return them both with a deduction of $7.95 off my return. Unfair in my opinion. 
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	19-JUL-14	3	waaaay to big	its about 3 sizes to big, but comfy.it makes me look shapeless ,the collars lost its shape already, in spite of which, its become my favorite shirt.  I would buy again but in a smaller size
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	21-JUL-14	3	looks like a maternity top but comfy to wear around the	Too large in the body, looks like a maternity top but comfy to wear around the house
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	25-JUL-14	5	I love shopping on line for clothes	I love shopping on line for clothes. And the prices can't be beat. It cuts out the shopping time. I have not ever been dissatisfied with anything I have purchased here. 
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	28-JUL-14	5	Great	Great fit, love the shirts, Great service
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	29-JUL-14	3	Not Really the Perfect U-Neck Top	I found the sizing to be way off. The product was much larger than described. I had to return it and decided not to order another because I was not impressed with the quality. The color however, was lovely. I have ordered their clothing before and was satisfied with what I received.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	03-AUG-14	3	Pretty, but a abort to swim in.	Pretty and quality products, but way too large. It seems like 3 sizes too big. I'm swimming it.. I usually where a 1x and I ordered and 1x.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	04-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	I LITTLE TOO LARGE IN THE SCOOP NECK PART BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT WAS PERFECT
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	07-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	I really love it.  It's a perfect fit.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Knit The Cotton U-Neck Tunic	11-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	The style can go with anything and is comfortable.
Next Level Women's Fashion Sleeveless Tank Top, White, Small	10-AUG-14	5	I Wore the Top During Radiation for Breast Cancer	I ordered the tank tops to wear while I was undergoing radiation for breast cancer. The fabric is soft and soothing to my tortured skin and the top disappears under my clothes. Since, I purchased the tops to wear instead of a bra, I cannot comment on the combination of bra and top. I ordered a size smaller than I would usually wear in order to give my remaining breast some support. As it turns out, the size was perfect, the top is smooth under my clothes and the fact I am not wearing a bra is unnoticeable (I am a C). The length of the top stops just at my hips and does not bunch under my slacks. The tops are nice as an undergarment, but the fabric is not heavy enough to be used as a layering piece.
N6533 Next Level Ladies? Poly/Cotton Burnout Razor Tank - White - S	13-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	It's great thank you
N6533 Next Level Ladies? Poly/Cotton Burnout Razor Tank - White - S	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	This tank top is the best! Fits perfectly and thicker than most burnout tanks. Love them!
Women's Plus Size Shirt, cotton poplin with generous fit	03-AUG-14	2	It's very nice, but much larger than I expected it would ...	It's very nice, but much larger than I expected it would be. I have purchased several knit shirts and a T-dress in the same size and they were fine. Next time I would order the next size down.
FULL TILT Cinch Front Womens Tube Top	18-JUL-14	5	The new Tiny Tee	I have this top and it is really nice it fits well , but sometimes has the tendency to slip down.
Jockey Women's Staycool Reversible Tank	13-JUL-14	5	Happy with my purchase	I have three of these tank tops now and plan to collect one in every color.  I am very happy with the fit, fabric quality and comfort of the product.
Jockey Women's Staycool Reversible Tank	09-AUG-14	5	This is a very smooth comfortable and yes cool tank	This is a very smooth comfortable and yes cool tank.  I will be ordering more and slowly getting rid of my plain cotton tees.  These are a little pricey but the way they feel on the skin is worth the price.
Jockey Women's Staycool Reversible Tank	12-AUG-14	5	Excellent fit and fabric	Works well under summer tops without adding heat.
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Whitney Lace Shirt	25-JUL-14	1	Not a good fit	This top does nothing for ones figure very disappointed
Denim 24/7 Women's Plus Size Whitney Lace Shirt	07-AUG-14	3	it appeared to have a distressed look to it in ...	it appeared to have a distressed look to it in the photo, however is is just solid black, also the fabric is very stiff, scratchy and uncomfortable.
Crystal Ab Rhinestones Faith Cross Black Tank Top	25-JUL-14	5	Bling!!	Perfect tee to express your devotion! It really makes a statement .
eVogues Plus size Low Cut Draping Top Pink	06-AUG-14	2	I was very excited to receive this top. I ...	I was very excited to receive this top. I even ordered it somewhat small. Unfortunately, this top is still too big and I have not been able to wear it.
Port Authority Women's Long Sleeve Value Poplin Shirt	31-JUL-14	5	Great fit	Great shirt for work, I'm a server and require a white button down with no pocket. Still somewhat fitted but not too tight. I'm small framed but busty and a medium was perfect.
Hanes Women's Jersey V-Neck Tee - 3 Pack # 51W3WH	10-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	Received it with holes
Sport-Tek LST850 Ladies Sport-Wick Stretch 1/2-Zip Pullover	06-AUG-14	5	The fabric is thick and it is absolutely wonderfully soft inside	The fabric is thick and it is absolutely wonderfully soft inside. It has the thumb holes I wasn't expecting, but in the winter, I work on a farm so this will be perfect.
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	16-JUL-14	4	A little more sheer than the picture	Fast shipping, good quality and will work for what I intend.
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	16-JUL-14	1	do not buy!  size is lying!	The reviews suggest ordering a larger size.  I ordered one TWO sizes larger than I wear and it was to small!!  I gave this FIVE-XL top to a ONE-XL friend and it fit properly.  This isn't just mis-sizing.  this is flat out fraud for sells!
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	22-JUL-14	3	Doesn't look like the picture	I expected it to have a lining similar to the picture but there is no lining.
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	25-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Great summer shirt with black khakis . very cute
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	27-JUL-14	4	love it!	I am a 2x because of my large chest and I ordered that exact size and it fits me perfectly fine. the lace is stretchy. I think the price is a little high, but I get complements every time I wear it and its a nice cover up in the hot summer months.  I recommend hand washing like other reviewers have stated. Stretchy laces pill and shrink the dryer, as I have learned from other garments that I have. I hand wash and hang in my closet with no problem.
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	02-AUG-14	4	Cute & Well made clothes	Love this seller! Arrives ahead of estimated date, items are well made though priced a bit high but I've never been disappointed. Clothes are cute on full figures like mine,
eVogues Plus size Sheer Floral Lace Top Black	06-AUG-14	3	And yes I read the care label before I washed it but other shirts that I have that are similar have always done fine washing the	It's okay.  Wish I had listen to the ladies that reviewed this shirt before I ordered mine.  I put it in a garment bag and washed it in the washing machine on delicate.  Has little strings hanging all over it as if it stretched and the thread broke.  Very upset that the quality is no where near the quality of the other shirt I purchased from eVogues.  And yes I read the care label before I washed it but other shirts that I have that are similar have always done fine washing them the way I washed this shirt.  Loved the shirt before I washed it now have to try to fix it so I can wear it again.
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring Top	13-JUL-14	4	slightly too small	beautiful shirt.  slightly too small .  even with using measurement
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring Top	21-JUL-14	2	I recommend ordering a size or 2 larger	This shirt did not fit true to size. It was way to small for me. I recommend ordering a size or 2 larger. I had to send mine back for a refund. I was very disappointed because this shirt is really cute ! ugh
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring Top	03-AUG-14	3	It's a little shorter than I would normally like but I'm still rocking it either way	The material is a little cheaper than I thought but kinda thankful since it is so breathable. It's a little shorter than I would normally like but I'm still rocking it either way!
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring Top	07-AUG-14	3	size check	I bought another dshirt from your company that was too tight,  claiming to be size 2x. I am definitely not a size 3x. As a matter of fact, this shirt is the only item I own in that size, your co. may want to check it's sizes
eVogues Plus size Glitter print Necklace accented O-ring Top	09-AUG-14	1	Waste of monwy	This was the cheapest most worthless thing I have ever purchased. It looked cute but when I received it it is a thin badly made black tube too with the glittery see thru top half attached at the bottom and must be tied behind your neck but it never sits flat and feels like you're wearing a cheap child's Halloween costume.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Tunic Length Tie-Dyed Print Top	18-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I love this blouse I get lots of comments on it so beautiful.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Tunic Length Tie-Dyed Print Top	06-AUG-14	3	The look is pretty boxy.	The fabric is much heavier weight than I was expecting which makes it hang differently than I thought.  The look is pretty boxy.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Tunic Length Tie-Dyed Print Top	08-AUG-14	4	Size Runs Big	The shirt is a beautiful eye catching purple but the sizes run big.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Tunic Length Tie-Dyed Print Top	11-AUG-14	1	Too bad fabric is stiff n heavy	Should of sent it back, it looked so comfotable n trendy. Too bad fabric is stiff n heavy, cant use spanx under it to thick. Design looks good by doesn't flow at all... giving it to goodwill.  Wash will shrink... all wrong... sorry
LAT Ladies Combed Ringspun V-Neck Sleeveless T-Shirt - WHITE - S Ladies'	28-JUL-14	5	Good choice.	It fits even better than I expected. It is comfortable and it is a good length. I would wear it everyday. I usually wear a medium but from the reviews ( love reading the reviews) some said it ran a little small so I ordered a large. Oh and it is cool too.
FULL TILT Essential Mini Stripe Womens Cami	03-AUG-14	2	Two Stars	keep your money, VERY CHEAP MATERIAL
Port Authority Ladies Short Sleeve Easy Care Shirt L508	05-AUG-14	5	Comfy, easy	These shirts work well for me, easy to wash and dry, fit as expected and lots of colors to choose.
Self Expressions Suddenly Skinny Tank with Lace (00488)	15-JUL-14	5	This is the best shapewear! The bust area is soft fabric that ...	This is the best shapewear!  The bust area is soft fabric that very lightly shapes but doesn't look like you have a binder on!  It supports both tummy and back better than any shapewear I have ever had, yet it's comfortable!  This is a must for middle control- you won't believe how great your clothes will fit!
Self Expressions Suddenly Skinny Tank with Lace (00488)	30-JUL-14	3	Pretty but ok	I purchased this tank top to hold in a muffin top as it was described as such. When I got it and put it on it is very pretty with the lacy bottom but as for holding in a tummy, it is not very firm or slimming. If you wear it under your shirt it will smooth out obvious lumpy areas but that's about it. I will continue to wear it because it's pretty and works fairly well but could be a little tighter. Maybe a smaller size might help me. Consider a smaller size if you purchase this product.
Maidenform Women's Self Expressions Shaping Cami	25-JUL-14	5	awesome! I have 4 of these !!	I love this tank. I'm 5'2" 120/125# and this fits snug . but that the way u want it!! To smooth everything out !! It looks great and feels great. Fits true to size in my opinion, since it's a garment meant to be tight.
Maidenform Women's Self Expressions Shaping Cami	30-JUL-14	1	One Star	Terrible fit. NOT A XXL
Maidenform Women's Self Expressions Shaping Cami	01-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Love it. . My favorite cami!
Maidenform Women's Self Expressions Shaping Cami	12-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Love it! Fits great, does the job without anything being uncomfortable or hot. I highly suggest this product.
Woman Within Women's Plus Size Top, Tunic Length Hassle-free Perfect Bigshirt	12-AUG-14	5	Banana Dot Big Shirt	Comfortable, lightweight fabric, low priced but looks expensive.  Beautiful color.  Highly recommend this great shirt.
Set 3 Cotton Modesty Panel/Cleavage Covers No Lace Chemisettes by Anne Sizes Sm-XXL	13-JUL-14	4	Cleavage Covers	I am happy with the cleavage covers, but I should have ordered a size smaller.
Set 3 Cotton Modesty Panel/Cleavage Covers No Lace Chemisettes by Anne Sizes Sm-XXL	18-JUL-14	5	Great for covering up surgery scar	I bought these for my mother who had chest surgery and is self conscious but the scar, which you can see with her usual v-neck blouses for work. She loves them and wears them every day. The loops needed to be wrapped two or three times around her bra straps to be secure, but she has no problem with them.
Set 3 Cotton Modesty Panel/Cleavage Covers No Lace Chemisettes by Anne Sizes Sm-XXL	24-JUL-14	5	Fantastic!!	I ordered these after I starting using Cami Secrets' lace panels because I specifically wanted cotton panels with no lace to go with T-shirts and garments where lace wouldn't look right.  I'm so glad I did because these are more versatile than the polyester ones with lace. Also, I liked using the measuring instructions to ensure a great fit. At first I was concerned that the buttons with loops wouldn't be as secure as the snaps, but I found they worked fine and stayed in place, and you don't notice the buttons while wearing.  If I had to choose I would pick snaps, but to have cotton panels is what I wanted most. The cotton material is nice and I even wore the black one with a cute low cut dress usually reserved for weekend wear but adding the panel made it great for work too. I got lots of compliments that day but since these are "secret" no one knew how I transformed my dress. These panels have made at least 10 tops in my closet wearable to work now. The only negative is the price but to add many extra outfits to my work wear is worth it.
Bella + Canvas Womens Triblend Racerback Tank Top	13-JUL-14	2	slightly small	Initially when I saw this product, I thought it would be like another one I bought earlier in the year. I bought the same size thinking just because it was from the same company it would fit, however from my two star rating it did go as planned. The fabric is nice, but a little thin, I don't know how long it will last and the color is true to the picture. however it is only slightly stretchy, I have a large bust and its a bit of a strain when I put it on and sometimes it still rolls up on the bottom because the top is where I'm using most of the fabric. I use the shirt mainly as an undershirt to slightly transparent tops. I would suggest if your bigger then a C cup, bump up the size, so that everything is covered.
Bella + Canvas Womens Triblend Racerback Tank Top	21-JUL-14	5	great shirt	fit as expected and is a comfortable fit and wear with almost anything.
Bella + Canvas Womens Triblend Racerback Tank Top	22-JUL-14	4	Its good that I read previous reviews	I ordered this top in a medium, though I usually wear a small because of the reviews I'd read.. It fits me well, though I am somewhat in between sizes on this one.  I'd love something in between the small and medium, but was afraid of ordering small after other comments and reviews.. I hope this helps you ladies out there who are full busted!
Ladies' Performance Plus Twill	11-AUG-14	3	Three Stars	Too large , but it is a well made shirt
Ladies' Performance Plus Twill	13-AUG-14	5	What a great fitting shirt!	This top is wonderful to wear. You just feel good in it. It fits correctly in all the right places, very comfortable!
eVogues Plus size Drop Shoulder Top Black	13-JUL-14	5	Love!	Fantastic fit, comfort, and perfect amount of bling!!
eVogues Plus size Drop Shoulder Top Black	14-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	Wear every chance I get. Thank you
eVogues Plus size Drop Shoulder Top Black	12-AUG-14	5	I love this top.	Very cute and last pretty long.
Reckless Hearts Crochet Sweet Heart Daisy Floral Jersey Bubble Blouse Top Mint	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I love this shirt! fits very comfortable
Women's Strapless Tube Top with shelf bra	13-AUG-14	1	One Star	basically see through so I can't wear it without something over it.
Black and White Zebra Print Racer Tank Practice Shirt	17-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	I like it a lot!  Very cute and body hugging.
Sirisha Asian Style Silk Blouse, Turn Down Collar, Bamboo Pattern, Black/Red/Gold	02-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Gorgeous! Please bring this vendor back.
Sirisha Asian Style Silk Blouse, Turn Down Collar, Longevity Pattern, Blue/Gold	02-AUG-14	5	Excellent quality. Please bring this vendor back	Gorgeous! Excellent quality. Please bring this vendor back.
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	15-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	It's long and I love it under my sheer shorter tops for this summer.
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	16-JUL-14	3	The length is very long for good coverage but too small for me in the chest ...	Very cute cami.  The length is very long for good coverage but too small for me in the chest and the under arm.
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	19-JUL-14	5	GREAT BUY!!	This shirt fits perfectly, I got the 2x-3x to fit over my huge muscles. I thought it might be too small, was happy with the fit & the material is super comfy as well. I will handwash to try to keep rhinestones intact & also plan on getting the red one too!!
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	24-JUL-14	4	Red Cami	This is a beautiful cami. It's looks small when you first open it, but once you try it on it's a great fit & nice material. I'm a full figured woman, so I like to look good & be comfortable in my clothes. I bought the black one first & fell in love with so that I had to get the red one as well. Now I see there's a white one, I might as well get it too. I know I'll be very satisfied with it too.
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	27-JUL-14	4	Sliming!	Slims me out! The material is comfortable too. Worth every penny!
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	28-JUL-14	5	Great product	This little camisal  fit like a glove from the first wear!  I love it
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	28-JUL-14	5	Love the quality but this fits a size 10-12 unless you want rolls upon rolls hanging out and clinging to your body.	Love the quality but this fits a size 10-12 unless you want rolls upon rolls hanging out and clinging to your body.
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	29-JUL-14	5	I'm in love!	I absolutely love them!  So glad I bought all the colors!
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	31-JUL-14	5	THAT'S MY FAVORITE OF THIS SEASON	I GOT THIS ONE IN ASLL THREE COLORS BUT BLACK IS MY FAVORITE.FITS PERFECT, MAKES ME LOOK SKINNIER AND IS VERY MYSTERIOUS
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	04-AUG-14	5	Five Stars	Great long cami. love the stones and it washes very well. Will come back and buy all other colors
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	10-AUG-14	4	Its nice besides it being material of the stretch/cling variety	Ive ordered from this company before and I know there stuff runs small on me so I did the same when ordering this this. Its nice besides it being material of the stretch/cling variety, I can still wear it as an under shirt.
EVogues Apparel Women's Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top	12-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	Wore it under a buttoned down jacket and the little bit of "bling" looked great
eVogues Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top White	19-JUL-14	4	Cute but runs a little small	It's really cute but I forgot this is junior plus and runs a little smaller.  It's not too small though.  Probably gonna get a black one too.
eVogues Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top White	20-JUL-14	5	Super long	So for me long shirts are a godsend and I have yet to find one long enough so I took my chances on this after watching it for a while!!! It's so long I love it I'm going to get 10 more!!!
eVogues Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top White	29-JUL-14	5	I love this tank it has such class to it with ...	I love this tank it has such class to it with the syn quince added to the front of it I bought a skirt that has the same in the tank and it looked wonderful. it fits a little big but thats ok it is form fitting so it hugs the body I have not one complaint about the tank and recommend it for a night out to a day at work with a good see threw pull over.
eVogues Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top White	31-JUL-14	5	NICE AND LONG	gOOD FOR CURVY GIRLS, LOOKS BOTH CASUAL AND DRESSY DEPENDS ON JEWELRY YOU WEAR AND YOUR MAKEUP
eVogues Plus Size Rhinestone Accented Long Cami Top White	07-AUG-14	5	Beautiful top	Fits snug but complements my curves. if not wearing a strapless bra you will put on a show but not see thru as some reviews have said
eVogues Plus size Low Cut Draping Top	13-JUL-14	2	Did not expect padded breast area.	I did not expect to have pads in the breast area. I had to cut them out and resew the shirt to make it work. Those pads are not listed in the description. Additionally, I ordered a 3x when I normally wear a 2x, and the 3x was a little small. Plus the bass in the breast area were a standard size that would fit a small or medium woman. If I were to keep the pads in they wouldn't have for me and would have just looked awkward. Luckily I am just wearing this over a bathing suit.
eVogues Plus size Low Cut Draping Top	20-JUL-14	1	it has small pads sewn in that where terrible. Cute design but unless you are pretty petite ...	Top ran extremely small especially if you are large chested.  A 3x did not even fit my daughter who normally wears a med-lrg size.  We are large busted & it in addition to the top being far to small for much more than a B cup, it has small pads sewn in that where terrible.  Cute design but unless you are pretty petite this probably won't work for you.  They were very quick to issue me a refund for a return.
eVogues Plus size Low Cut Draping Top	24-JUL-14	3	Great shirt until....	I wore this shirt out and it looked great,,, the problem came when I washed it. Even on delicate and not dried the right top strap ripped. Very disappointing.
eVogues Plus size Low Cut Draping Top	12-AUG-14	2	Just NO	pretty cheap material, and good lord, don't wash it.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	14-JUL-14	5	Love it!	I ordered 4 styles of tank tops and this is my favorite.  Fits great and feels great!
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	15-JUL-14	5	Great yoga top	Great yoga top. Very comfortable and soft. Makes for an easy yoga session because you aren't worried about what you are wearing.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	15-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	I like it lots. very comfortable while working out.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	17-JUL-14	2	Planning to send it back since it is not anywhere close to being as nice as explained	This is very flimsy and there is no support at all in the shirt.  Planning to send it back since it is not anywhere close to being as nice as explained.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	17-JUL-14	5	but a great buy.	Very comfortable and hides my tummy.  Flattens the look of one's chest, but a great buy.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	19-JUL-14	5	Very cute and practical	I absolutely love YogaColors products. I bought two shirts from them before and was very pleased. I bought the 2x size thinking it would fit my height better. (I'm 6'1 and 170lbs) I love the flowy, cool fabric and the cute, practical style. I use it in my yoga classes and for wearing around town with a pair of jeans or shorts. I am very pleased. Yogacolors, congrats, cause you just won another loyal  and very satisfied customer. :)
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	20-JUL-14	4	Cute and comfortable	I ordered 3 in different colors and came back and ordered 2 more. They are great for cardio because they are so cool and lightweight.. The colors are as pictured and I think they are perfect for exercise as well as casual wear.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	20-JUL-14	4	This tank is definitely comfortable. I'm 5ft 5in and weigh 120lbs and an ...	This tank is definitely comfortable. I'm 5ft 5in and weigh 120lbs and an extra small fit me with plenty of room to spare. The only thing i dont like is that its pretty see through, but the loose fit kinds helps with that.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	21-JUL-14	4	so comfy	I love these shirts and I own like 7 now. But the only issue I have with them is they roll up at the bottom all the time. So I would say order bigger than normal so it doesn't show your stomach lol very comfortable and I'm a 36DDD and I got the large and the medium.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	21-JUL-14	1	Yoga Colors	I gave it away
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	22-JUL-14	4	I love this shirt	I love this shirt! Especially in red. It fits around my boobs (38 D) and flows over my tummy. The only bad thing I could say is you can't really wear it with certain shorts because it could look like you're walking around pants less.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	22-JUL-14	5	Great Tank Top	Great tank top!! I have ordered quite a few on this color and in black.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	24-JUL-14	3	Smaller than I thought	While I like the material - as I was looking for a light flowy top, this is about a size too small. It's of it being flowy, it was tight. Because it was so tight, it was see through. I decided to keep this top as continued motivation to lose weight and in time I hope it will fit.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	25-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	On time delivery, the fit is on the small side.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	27-JUL-14	4	Fits well, but one issue	This item fit well, and the shirt is thin and flowy, perfect for throwing on over a sports bra at the gym. However, after the first washing the bottom hem is now rolled a bit (you know where the material rolls outward, creating a small curl around the entire bottom of the garment). It's is fine enough for me that I bought another color, because I'm just wearing them to the gym, so whatever. But when I first purchased I though it was cute and comfy enough for casual wear with street clothes. Once the bottom curled I think it looks too cheap for that.. Still comfy though, and great for the gym, especially for the price.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	27-JUL-14	1	Too small for a small	Product is too small--ill-constructed
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	29-JUL-14	5	Five Stars	See through fabric. I wear a thick athletic bra under it.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	31-JUL-14	4	Good for working out.  A little see-through w brightly colored sports bra, etc.	Slightly thicker fabric would be appreciated.  Breathes well but a little see-through when worn as a single layer.  Comfortable in a gym or workout type environment but dont like to wear in public.  Good apparel for yoga/stretching.  Love the color ;)
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	31-JUL-14	5	Comfy, but slightly sheer	Super comfy, slightly sheer.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	02-AUG-14	5	love it	color and size were as described, very soft love the fit, going to order 2 more
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	03-AUG-14	5	comfortable and sufficiently loose to exercise comfortably in	Coo.l, comfortable and sufficiently loose to exercise comfortably in it
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	03-AUG-14	5	Comfy yoga top....	I wear this to yoga and love it. Just the right fit.   Nice Price too.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	06-AUG-14	5	I bought two of these and am glad I did	I bought two of these and am glad I did, so I have one to wear when the other is in the wash.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	07-AUG-14	5	Perfect for hit yoga	I like the shirt's drape and fit. This is thin, which is perfect for the hot yoga classes!
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	08-AUG-14	4	Soft, comfy & see through	I love this top, the fit and feel are amazing but in this pink it is totally see through. It is great under my light zippered hoodie that this brand also makes.
YogaColors Womens Emoticon Flowy Scoop Neck Tank Top	08-AUG-14	3	Three Stars	Not as long as I'd hoped for but ok overall
Bella Ladies 3.7 oz. Flowy Racerback Tank B8800	28-JUL-14	2	Too big but very comfortable	I should've ordered a medium.
YogaColors Emoticon Womens Burnout Heather Short Sleeve Scoop Blouse Tee	18-JUL-14	5	Great material and size is perfect	Size fits perfect and the cotton of the blouse is delcious
Dickies Enzyme Washed Round Neck Fashion Solid Top-Assorted	06-AUG-14	1	These are huge scrubs!!!	Ugly scrubs top. Not a fashion top! Made of tablecloth material, faded black and about 3 sizes too large!
Harriton Ladies 4.5 oz. Long-Sleeve Millennium Twill Shirt. M520W	21-JUL-14	4	Good Quality!!	Good quality shirt! Perfect for work. Runs a little big.. Would buy more.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	14-JUL-14	2	I wasn't comfortable in this style top	I wasn't comfortable in this style top; it seemed like it was different from the picture in the way that it fit.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	14-JUL-14	4	Very wide underarm	I rated it as a 4 cos the underarm is very open that means i am going to have to wear a spaghetti top under it.  Very thin material good for summer. Flows nicely.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	14-JUL-14	3	Three Stars	I returned it because it was not the blouse I thought I ordered.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	19-JUL-14	4	Four Stars	I just love everything i have  bought
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	21-JUL-14	1	shrinks to a half shirt after wash	This was a great looking shirt until I washed it.  It then became UNWEARABLE.  The fabric shrunk so much that it became a half shirt.  I am 40 years old and have had two kids. half shirts are out of the question.  Very disappointed with this purchase.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	23-JUL-14	1	super disappointing	the crocheting was already unraveling before i even put it on!  it fits fine and is actually cute, but is an inferior product or i just happened to get the wrong shirt. maybe it had been a return?
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	28-JUL-14	4	IN STYLE	The service is excellent and the product is very beautiful.  I would recommend.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	01-AUG-14	2	I wish this top was longer. It feels very ...	I wish this top was longer.  It feels very small. and I ordered a size bigger than I normally would.  The red one I ordered came with a big hole where the crochet part attaches to the sleeve.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	06-AUG-14	4	Four Stars	This top is just a little too short in length. Otherwise it's ok.
eVogues Plus Size Crochet Bodice Poncho Top	10-AUG-14	2	top	Lace is very flimsy and has started to unravel only after two wears.  It accidently got put in the washer without being put in a washer bag and the wash destroyed it.  Don't waste your money.
eVogues Plus Size Designer Print Off Shoulder Top	22-JUL-14	5	Love this shirt!	I have had it nearly a year now and it is still one of my faves! :)
eVogues Plus Size Designer Print Off Shoulder Top	05-AUG-14	5	Too small...	A very nice blouse but it was to small for me so I sent it back. A very nice blouse.
eVogues Plus Size Strapless Long Tube Top Black	24-JUL-14	2	Not plus size	Small for a plus size.  Cheap material.
eVogues Plus Size Strapless Long Tube Top Black	01-AUG-14	1	disappointed	This is NOT a plus size strapless. I was very dissatisfied. False advertising is wrong. One star was given for the quality and price of the item. But the false advertising and the fact that I cannot wear it leaves a bitter taste.
eVogues Plus Size Strapless Long Tube Top Black	07-AUG-14	4	Wonderfull	Lightweight, confortable and looks great, husband loves the look on me